Vijaya Singh Kushwaha vijayasingh.k6@gmail.com +91 9682252282 Gurugram Sub-District EDUCATION B.A. (Hons.) History, Humanities Shaheed Bhagat Singh College University Of Delhi 2021 - 2024 CGPA: 6.05/10 Senior Secondary (XII), Arts Mantora Public School (CBSE board) Year of completion: 2021 Percentage: 95.00% Secondary (X) Gaurav Memorial International School (CBSE board) Year of completion: 2019 Percentage: 92.00% WORK EXPERIENCE Human Resources Intern Rusk Media, Delhi Internship  Nov 2022 - Jan 2023 (2 months) Collaborated with 15+ people across 5+ cross functional teams to comprehend the hiring requirements. Hired 10 people after sourcing 300+ resumes through platforms like Internshala, LinkedIn and Naukri. Performed end to end recruitment and hiring. Recruitment Vishalakshi Foundation, Delhi Internship  Jun 2022 - Oct 2022 (4 months) Led, motivated and recruited people for various social campaigns of the organization. Organised food,education and awareness drives across Gurugram and Delhi Built better team engagement through team building activities and regular feedback sessions. Content Writing Flying Buttery, Delhi Internship  Feb 2022 - Apr 2022 (2 months) Developed content and implemented strategies to drive brand awareness and customer engagement. Brainstormed innovative content ideas, resulting in a 30% increase in content output. Researched and wrote 10+ articles for social media. POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY Managed and coordinated a class of 80 students as class representative, delivering successful departmental and annual fests through eective teamwork, communication and project management. TRAININGS Human Resource Management Internshala Trainings, Online Jun 2024 - Present It is an online training program that equips us with essential HR skills and knowledge. The course covers fundamental concepts like recruitment, employee engagement, labour laws, compensation, hr analytics, salary structures, conict resolution etc. SKILLS English Prociency (Spoken) English Prociency (Written) ADDITIONAL DETAILS Advanced MS-Excel Beginner MS-Oce Intermediate Advanced MS-Word Intermediate Recruitment Intermediate Eective Communication Advanced Performance Management System Beginner TCS ion young professional certicate (2024) - Enhanced skills in specic areas like business etiquettes, Overview of articial intelligence, Communication skills, Innovation prospects and recent industry trends in human resource management. HR Skills Workshop ( Tareeqa global solutions) (2024)- Developed skills in recruitment, talent acquisition, interpersonal skills and more. Gained knowledge about HR practices and the importance of diversity, equity and inclusion at the workplace. Project management essentials (disasterready.org) (2024) Completed a comprehensive program covering project management fundamentals on project scope, schedule and budget management, stakeholder management and engagement along with risk management.