Rahul A. Darlinge Pune, India rahuldarlinge@gmail.com +919579988631 / +918668822785 Linkedin | Github | My Portfolio Business/Data Analyst & Professional specialized in Agile Project Management with various tool  Dynamic and results-driven Business Analyst with 2 years of experience at Unplug Infinity Media Pvt. Ltd.  Proven ability to translate business needs into practical solutions that drive company growth and efficiency.  Seeking to leverage expertise in media production and analytics to contribute effectively to team's success.  Proven track record in delivering high-quality analysis and recommendations for informed decision-making.  Facilitated discussion and conflict resolution across 3 cross-functional teams.  Collaborate with the crucial stakeholders, product owners and subject matter experts to plan and prioritize the business requirements from the product roadmap to product backlog and sprint backlog.  Facilitate the release and sprint planning.  Coordinate with the leads for the estimation and resource planning.  Specialized in leading the project management for the projects in the Insurance domain.  Support the BA and Product Owners in the requirement gathering and requirement management. Practical Skills & Knowledge Domains Ceremonies Requirement Gathering & Elicitation Requirement Artifacts Planning Software Tools & Skills Testing Tech Exposure Additional Skills Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Customer Service Requirements Gathering, Data Analysis, Sprint Planning, Data Review, Daily Standups, Data Retrospective, Release Retrospective Interviews, Stakeholder Meetings, Data Workshops, Data Brainstorming Sessions, Data Research, Data Surveys, Data Observation, Data Prioritization Business Requirement Document (BRD), Data Requirement Document (DRD), Functional Specification Document (FSD), Data Models, User Stories with Data Requirements (SMART) & Acceptance Criteria Data Strategy, Data Roadmap, Data Release Planning, Data Backlog, Sprint Backlog & Estimation, Data Sprint Planning JIRA, Teams , SQL, Microsoft Excel (Advanced Functions, Pivot Tables), Power BI, Tableau, Python (Pandas, NumPy), Jupyter Notebooks, Google Analytics Data Validation Testing, Data Integrity Testing, Data Accuracy Testing, User Acceptance Testing for Data Solutions Data Warehousing, Data Lakes, SQL Databases, Data Visualization Tools, ETL Processes, Data Governance Statistical Analysis, Predictive Modeling, Data Mining, Data Cleansing, Data Interpretation, Dashboard Creation, A/B Testing, Customer Segmentation 1 Professional Experience Name of the Organization Unplug Infinity Media Pvt. Ltd. Duration Role/Designation Main Responsibilities Aug 2022  Currently working Business Analyst - Led the analysis and implementation of a streamlined project management system, reducing turnaround times by 15%. - Identified cost-saving opportunities through thorough analysis of production processes, resulting in a 10% reduction in operational expenditures. - Utilized data analytics tools to evaluate project performance metrics, providing actionable insights to optimize operational efficiency and resource allocation. - Developed customized dashboards and reporting templates that enhanced data visualization and decision- making capabilities across departments. 2 Percept Infosystem Feb 2022 - Aug 2022 Data Science Intern - Improved of learning about digital marketing, Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), presentation techniques, leveraging tools like Power BI. -Implemented useful libraries during this time. It was mixture of 60% Python,30% of Excel and 10% of SQL - Collaborate with the software team to improve the functioning of central portal Highlights Education  Completed Bachelors degree in Computer Applications from Mansarovar Global University with 70% (2021)  H.S.C with 72% (2014)  S.S.C. with 65% (2008) Achivements/Certificati on  Advanced Certification in Software Engineering for Cloud, Blockchain & IoT from IIT Madras & Great Learning (2022)  Advance Data Science and Machine Learning from Scaler(Ongoing)  Managing various tech-events in the college Languages Known English, Marathi & Hindi 3