Internal  Mohammed Mohsin S With 8.5+ years of experience, I excel as a System Administrator with proficiency in macOS and Windows environments. My expertise encompasses implementation, configuration, security, maintenance, support, troubleshooting, and team management. I possess a strong ability to deliver top-notch solutions and work effectively in diverse areas of IT administration. +91 7090049786 mohdmohsin.ahmed29@gmail.com Vidyaranyapura Bangalore- 560097 EXPERIENCE SKILLS COWKRS India Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru Senior Systems Engineer- IT operations. Feb 2019 - PRESENT  Provide Desktop Support based upon AHD Tickets and Incidents and advise the team concerned to follow it up till Closure.  Manage User Credentials like Unlocking and Resetting Passwords in Active Directory and E- Man Management tool based upon requests.  Desktop Support based upon Tickets and Incidents and  MAC OSX, iOS Admin  Microsoft o365 Admin  G-suite admin  Enterprise LAN/WAN environment  Active Directory  Network Monitoring Tools  Vendor Management  Remote desktop tools  CrowdStrike Antivirus   advise the team concerned to follow it up till Closure. Ensure Local Connectivity is up and running 24/5. Acknowledge User Requests and Incidents based upon Ticketing tool and update the information in the relevant category upon closure and close the Tickets. Ensure that all raised AHD tickets are closed within SLA. Provide RCA for tickets in case of Violation in brief.    Monitor the continuity of IT Services, Coordinate with other Teams like IT Asset Management Team and implement planned activities for Customer Satisfaction to meet all activities and tasks as defined by governing SLAs. Configuration of Papercut server and integration of the printers for entire location in the network  CERTIFICATIONS, JAMF Pro. LANGUAGES English, Hindi, Kannada, Urdu PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth: 29-June-1993 Material Status: Married   Managing the G Suite Admin console. Creating user email, driving backup. email backup by using vault, Posting permission. DL creation, management. Proficient with Remote Desktop Software support. Experienced with HID and HR View Access controllers. Administration of Envoy visitor management systems. Experienced with Crestron devices and Crestron mercury devices for Remote view through wireless and for audio calling.     Experienced with connection of Video Conference (Avaya, Polycom)  Maintaining Asset Management.  Issuing Assets to new joiners and helping them to understand the standard policies.  Installation and configuration DLP Endpoint protection and Tituss classification in windows and Mac OS. Internal Internal   Installation and configuration & troubleshooting of MAC. Installing any Apple software products in MAC based on project requirements under legal conditions.  Across different regions managing and Troubleshooting  Symantec Endpoint protection in Various OS like OS X, Experienced with HID and HR View Access controllers.   Administration of Envoy visitor management systems.  Experienced with Crestron devices and Crestron mercury devices for Remote view through wireless and for audio calling. Experienced with taking care of CCTV monitoring and sharing the footages whenever there is need. Experienced with connection of Video Conference (Avaya, Polycom)    Maintaining Asset Management.  Issuing Asset to new joiners and help them to understand the standard policies Cyber Security, Safeguards information system assets by identifying and solving potential and actual security problems. Protects system by defining access privileges, control structures, and resources. Recognizes problems by identifying abnormalities, reporting violations.    . Spark Group, Bengaluru  Desktop Support Engineer April 2014 - Feb 2019 - Maintained desktops and laptops for smooth functioning - - - - - - - Configured desktops and laptops to meet specific requirements Ensured LAN connectivity and resolved related issues Installed various education-related software Verified CCTV connectivity through Cloud-based system Conducted regular backups of all systems via LAN Performed on-site inspections at different branches to monitor systems Provided remote assistance to troubleshoot application and OS issues EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Application  (Rastriya Vishwa Vidyapeeth) Bengaluru May 2015 Ticketing & Asset tool Fresh service. Declaration: I hereby declare the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Internal