Ashirwad Ujjain ujjainashirwad@gmail.com | +91 9117591005 GitHub| LinkedIn EDUCATION B.Tech CSE(AI), KIET Group of Institutions, Ghaziabad (AKTU) SGPA: 7.2/10 Class 12, Camford Public School, CBSE, Patna 78.6% Class 10, St.Karens Secondary School, CBSE, Patna 83.83% EXPERIENCE Artificial Intelligence (AI) Intern, IBM Skill Build 6 weeks  Focusing on AI, employing diverse data analytic tools to develop and implement a project.  Utilized (ML) algorithms and programming languages Python to analyse data set and create prototype approaching 100% working efficiency. Python and Machine Learning Intern, YBI Foundation 2 weeks  Explored Python programming with a focus on Pandas, Numpy and various ML libraries.  Implemented the learned concepts in projects related to rainforest algorithm achieve 45% more efficiency.  Tried and tested the various ML algorithms to get the optimum efficiency for Model with 20,000 datas in set. Chegg India Pvt Ltd, Subject Matter Expert 2023April  Associated with Chegg India on a profile of Subject matter expert (SME).  Solving student queries and problems related to respective subject field on Chegg freelance platform.  Giving out a efficient, easy to understand and plagiarism free solution with 100% authenticity. SKILLS Languages: C/C++, Python, HTML Web Dev: CSS & Java Script Library: NumPy, Pandas & Matplotlib Database: SQL Tech & Tool: DSA, GitHub, Power BI Software: Visual Studio Code, Jupyter Notebook Testing : QA testing & Selenium PROJECT FAKE NEWS DETECTION ML, Python libraries & MS SQL Developed a Machine Learning Model using Natural language processing and machine learning techniques to analyse text data and classify news articles as authentic or fabricated with higher accuracy which ultimately shows how much an article or news headline is True. CROP PREDICTION SYSTEM Django, Flask, ML & Python Built a crop recommendation system using machine learning algorithms and integrated it into a web application using the Flask framework. The system takes in input data such as soil type, rainfall, temperature, and humidity, and recommends the best crop that can be grown in that particular region based on the machine learning model trained on historical data. CERTIFICATION LeetCode: Solved 100+ LinkedIn: Completed 15 Hour long course based on Artificial Intelligence and AI specific fields. Completed Course based on Computer Networking Basics.