Varun Daniel S HR Professional Dedicated HR Professional having 10+ years total experience with 8 plus years in HR. Proven track record in developing and implementing HR strategies that align with organizational goals. Skilled in all aspects of HR operations, including talent acquisition, employee relations, performance management, Payroll and compliance. Strong communicator known for fostering positive workplace cultures and driving employee engagement. Committed to delivering strategic HR solutions to support business growth and success. +91 9663161712 varun.daniel12@gmail.com Professional Skills Experiences Recruitment Payroll Induction Administration Vendor Management Workday Education Qualification - In Detail 2011-2014 Karnatka State open university MBA 2008-2011 Bcom TTL Business Management 2007-2008 PUC Cauvery School HR Manager - Stellar RCM Solutions September-2023- April-2024 Recruitment- Hiring for US Mortgage Process Joining Formalities, Induction Administration Statutory Compliance vendor Management May-2022- March-2023 HR Recruiter- Deluxe Entertainment Distribution India Pvt ltd Offer Release- workday Minimum of 25 offers released in a week in workday. Onboarding the candidates -workday Pre-Joining formalities in workday Handling RRF Trackers and other reports Data Base Management Coordinating with caniddates for EMP ref Creating Evergreen Req ID in workday Job postings in workday Handling All Employee Referrals in workday and mainting the trackers. Mantaining feedback and other trackers. December 2020-February 2022 Sr HR & Admin- Paysquare Consultancy Ltd Talent Acquisition, Joining formalities, Induction Attendance Management, Payroll Input Education Completed MBA from Karnataka State Open University Applications Workday, MS-office, Adobe Photoshop, CorelDraw, Tally ERP 9.0. Strengths Hardworking and Good Communications skills. Interests Teaching keyboard classes to all ages, Organist at church, Surfing, Traveling, & Photography. Leave Management, LMS., ESIC Returns, PF querie Experience of Handling 120 employees , briefing, employee grievance, reiumbursement,, employee connect Drive of PMS-Ensuring confirmation and promotions in the team Vendor Management, Security Management Liasoning & Public relations, Shops and establishments, Filing Annual returns, Renewal of Labour License. October 2018 - March 2020 HR & Admin Manager - Stellar RCM Recruitment since the startup, Hiring for Mortgage Process, RCM, IT roles Attendance and Payroll Maintenance of Employee records Security Management , Vendor Management Developing, Revising the company policies and Procedures. Overseeing exit interviews. Counseling assistance to all the employees, GrievanceHandling. Planning and implement an effective HR Plan that is aligned to Business plan. April 2016 - October 2018 HR & Admin Manager - Decipher Health Records LLP Core area is recruiting with two verticals of the organization since the startup Joining formalities & induction Attendance management Compliance Management Performance Management Experience of Handling around 200-220 employees Briefing & employee grievance Vendor Management, Security management complete administration. Employee evaluation Co-ordinate and facilitate the allocation of appropriate resourcesfor the support of and the effective implementation of HIPAA requirements. Perform Periodic privacyand security risk assessments and ongoing compliance monitoring activities. Personal Skill Leadership and Team work Interpersonal skills Analytical skills Time management Languages Kannada, English, Hindi, Tamil Personal Information: Father Name: Late SatishPrem kumar Mother Name: Late Esther Prema kumari Date of Birth : 12th April 1991 Nationality : Indian Marital Status: Single November 2014- April 2015 HR Manager - SONA TVS Recruitment. Induction training of new joinees. Manpower hiringas per the recruitment plan agreedalong with the concerned Managersand department. Attendance Management, Collecting the attendance through Biometric System. Maintain employee records and files for ease of reference. Conducting Employee Welfareactivities like, BirthdayCelebrations, Vacation Trip from the company, Annual Day Celebrations, Dealers Visit to the Company. Keep a record of ESIC, Labor license, Pollution Board, Statistical Survey returns , Factories Act. Paying Professional Tax PT online. Preparing ESIC and PF Remittance timely basis with the accounts department. Planning for Monthly Senior Managers Meeting, and Preparing Monthlyplanning reports. Filing Quarterly Returns to the Employment ExchangeOffice. May 2014- Aug 2014 HR Officer - 9 Pax Recruitment Design, update and share SOPs of all HR Processes. Assist to develop the collective knowledge of the HR Team to handle complex a crisis situation arising dueto dynamic and changing business environment. Act as a business partner and provide dash boards Keeping and updated Employee Handbook with all relevant details a information. Executing all statutory compliance & maintain requiredrecords under variousacts like LabourLicense, Food License, Shop & Establishment, Liasoning with Govt Authority. June 2013 - April 2014 HR Executive - Sis India Limited Recruiting of SG, GUN Man, skills test &confirmation. Entering new recruits data in ERP and generating Registration ID, Generation ESIC No. Handling all employee enquiries & grievances. Take Khariat Reports from the Units and Present to Manager for review. Maintain confidential documents and their sanctity e.g. Original gun license recommended disciplinary action Preparation of Statutory Documents and providing to the Clients on Monthly basis. keep a record of ESIS and Labor license. Place: Mysore June 2011 - April 2013 Research Analyst - Wealth-X Creating Dossier. Researching & Working on Ultra High Net worth Individuals(UHNW) Researching specifically assigned individuals usingOSInt (open sou intelligence) methods. Complete Financial Analysis on UHNW. Complete financial valuations for a wide range of assets, from companies to collections. Working on professional database/information aggregators such as LexisNexis, Business week, Bloomberg, OneSource, Hoovers. Working on Special Projects. Handling Projects, Worked as a Project Lead for 5 months, Knowledge Of Project Management. Contribute to the research department brain trust.