Nitish kumar Associate Consultant Dedicated ServiceNow ITSM Developer with 1.5 years of experience in both server-side and client-side scripting, as well as system integration. Proven track record in enhancing Incident,Problem and Change Management processes, automating workows, and developing tailored service catalog solutions. Aiming to leverage my technical skills and problem-solving abilities to drive innovation and operational excellence in a forward-thinking organization. kumarnitish9755@gmail.com 9755496709 Raipura, Saran , Bihar, India , 841311 linkedin.com/in/nitish-kumar- a8aa8b1b4 github.com/Nitishkumar9755 SKILLS Incident,Problem,Change and Request Management ServiceNow ITSM Client & Server Scripting Custom Application Development Service Catalog & Workow Flow Designer Javascript HTML/CSS LANGUAGES ENGLISH Full Professional Prociency Hindi Full Professional Prociency INTERESTS Playing Cricket Badminton WORK EXPERIENCE Associate Consultant INVOQUEST TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD Pune,Maharashtra May'23 to Till Date As a ServiceNow ITSM Developer with 1.5 years of experience, I specialize in server-side and client-side scripting to customize and enhance Incident,Problem and Change Management modules. My expertise includes automating workows, developing custom service catalog items, and integrating ServiceNow with other systems to improve operational eciency and service delivery. EDUCATION Bachelor Of Technology in Computer Science Sagar Institute of Science and Technology,Bhopal(MP) CGPA - 7.57 PROJECTS Middleware Integration between BMC Remedy and ServiceNow Technology used - Java Developed Java-based middleware to enable real-time data sharing of incident records between BMC Remedy and ServiceNow. Wrote and optimized Java code for API integration, ensuring seamless synchronization of incident data across both platforms. Enhanced data accuracy and eciency by automating the bi-directional exchange of incident information. Employee Service Portal Development on ServiceNow Platform Technology used - ServiceNow Platform Designed and implemented a Service Portal on the ServiceNow Platform, providing employees with seamless access to IT services, request submission, and status tracking. Developed custom widgets to enhance user experience and streamline service requests, signicantly improving accessibility and eciency in service delivery. ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Hands-on experience and understanding in ITSM processes like Incident,Problem,Change,Knowledge and Service-level management. Hands-on experience in Scripting both Client and Server-side like Client Script,UI Actions,UI Policies,Data Policies,Business Rules,Script Includes,ACLs,Email Script,Scheduled Jobs,Background and Fix Script. Developed complex Catalog Items,Workows,Flow Designer,Multi-Row variable sets,Record Producers,Notications ,Update Sets and Scheduled Jobs.Also ,Created various Reports/Dashboards,Reporting using multiple Data Sources,Scheduled Reporting. Moving data in and out of the system using Import sets and transform maps and auto Import of data into servicenow. Good knowledge on integration through Import Sets.