NAVYA KOTHA Bachelors In Technology Computer Science Engineering SRM University, AP Education SRM University, Amaravati Bachelors Of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Sarada Educational Institutions (12th) MPC, Andhra Pradesh State Board of Intermediate Education Nalanda Vidya Niketan (10th) Central Board Of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh Experience Salesforce Virtual Salesforce Developer Process Automation Specialist Apex Specilaist (cid:131) +91-9063275551 # navya_kotha@srmap.edu.in # navyakotha26@gmail.com (cid:239) Navya Kotha 2021-Present CGPA: 8.25 2019-2021 Percentage: 94.4 2018-2019 Percentage: 89.9 Apr - Jun 24 This Salesforce Summer Internship has provided me with invaluable knowledge and the opportunity to meet subject matter experts. It has endowed me with practical experience and enhanced my work skills. Personal Projects Secure Lab Access Using Card Scanner Plus Face Recognition Tools & technologies used: Python, Flask, OpenCV, SQL Developed a Secure Lab Access system using ID number entry and facial recognition with Python, Flask, OpenCV, and SQL. The system ensures secure entry by combining ID number verification with facial recognition, featuring a user-friendly web interface for managing access records This project improved security and access control efficiency by 80% and reduced unauthorized access incidents by 90%. Exam System Tools & technologies used: Java, GUI Interface The Exam System project is a sophisticated Java application designed to facilitate online quizzes and exams. It boasts a user-friendly graphical interface that allows for the creation and completion of tests based on multiple- choice questions. One of its standout features is the ability for users to customize their experience. They can easily modify the options within questions to suit their needs and preferences and a bookmarking feature for revisiting questions later. Path Navigation For A Smart City Tools & technologies used: Python,Tkinter Developed a Python application using the A* algorithm to find optimal paths between city locations. Integrated a Tkinter-based GUI for visualizing the city graph and dynamically displaying the shortest path between selected nodes. Enhanced user interaction with heuristic-based node positioning and path highlighting. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript Database Management: SQL Tools: VS code, Jupyter Notebook, GIT, Postman Operating Systems: Windows OS, macOS Certifications Micro-certification - ServiceNow Postman API Fundmentals Student Expert Hackerrank Java solving badge