Nishant Lamichhane Contact no: +91 7289989893 | Email: nishantnl2003@outlook.com LinkedIn Github Portfolio EDUCATION:  Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology Course: B. Tech - Computer Science and Engineering | 8.46 CGPA  Doon Public School Course: CBSE - Class XII | 95.60% Course: CBSE - Class X | 88.44% Delhi, India 2025 Delhi, India 2021 2019 SKILLS:  Programming languages: C/C++, Java, JavaScript/TypeScript, Python  Computer Fundamentals: OOPs, DBMS, SQL, Data Structures & Algorithms, Computer Networks, Operating Systems  Frontend: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind, JavaScript, EJS Templating engine, ReactJS, Recoil, Next js  Backend: Node.js, Express.js, TypeScript, Hono Library for Cloudflare workers, MongoDB/Mongoose, PostgreSQL/Prisma  Other Web Technologies: WebRTC, WebSockets with Socket.io, Docker EXPERIENCE: PHP Developer Intern | Miracuves Solutions Pvt. Ltd.  Worked on 10+ web solutions for businesses to enhance business online presence and functionality.  Created user-friendly, visually appealing and responsive frontends for various business websites, ensuring optimal (May 2024 - July 2024) performance across different screen sizes.  Promptly modified and updated frontend designs based on provided references with 90% accuracy, improving the efficiency of design implementation.  Collaborated with team members to deliver high quality solutions on time.  Seamlessly integrated backend functionalities with the frontend, ensuring efficient data retrieval and display. PROJECTS:  PayTM - online wallet platform [Link] Tech stack: React js, Node.js with Express.js, MongoDB with Mongoose, JWT  Integrated React Router DOM in the frontend to enable client-side routing, enhancing the user experience with smooth page transitions and URL handling.  Ensured data integrity and consistency by implementing transactions in DBMS, using mongoose library  BlogBuster - blogging web app [Link] Tech Stack: React js, Typescript, Tailwind, Cloudflare workers with Hono Library, PostgreSQL with Prisma ORM  Used Cloudflare workers with Hono library in Typescript for serverless backend operations (deployed on Cloudflare).  Implemented user authentication, blog creation, viewing and updating functionalities, and user profile management.  Video Calling website - WebRTC calling [Github Link] Tech stack: HTML, JavaScript, WebRTC, Node.js, Socket.io  Facilitated real-time direct peer to peer communication between 2 users, leveraging WebRTC for audio and video streaming and Socket.io for signaling.  Integrated native WebRTC for audio and video streaming, utilized client and server side Socket.io for signaling to facilitate communication and coordinate video call initiation. ACHIEVEMENTS:  Participated and reached the final round of college hackathon - HackWithMait 5.0  Participated in Flipkart Grid 5.0