Niranjan Kandrakota  GitHub | (cid:239) LinkedIn | # niranjan k@srmap.edu.in | H 9550573469 Work Experience APSSDC Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 I underwent training in AWS services and explored various services such as EC2, S3,RDS and Lamda etc. also gaining essential knowledge in networking concepts vital for AWS utilization.I successfully designed and con- tributed to the development of a robust and user-friendly Cloud File Management Web Application leveraging the power of AWS. Projects QuizWizz - MongoDB,Express Js,React Js,Node Js Link Built QuizWizz, a MERN stack web app for interactive quizzes. Users create, join, and compete in quizzes featuring diverse question formats (MCQs, long answer) for a well-rounded learning experience. Leaderboards gamify the process, fostering a dynamic learning environment. FileBox - Cloud Files managing using AWS services Link The Cloud File Management Web Application using AWS allows users to securely store, access, and manage their files in the cloud. Leveraging AWS, the app offers 30GB of free storage with the option to request more. Users can efficiently organize and manage their data until their storage limit is reached. Quiet Time App-Java,XML,Google APIs Link Developed an Android application that efficiently activates the DND on your phone according to predetermined schedules, locations like hospitals, offices or connected WiFi networks. This app ensures a peaceful environment and upholds social etiquette by minimizing disruptions for both the user and those around them in public settings. Skills Web Development Programming Languages Data Base Dev Tools : Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, HTML , CSS , JavaScript , Bootstrap : C++ , Python, C , DSA : MongoDB , MySQL , DBMS : Git , GitHub , Visual Studio Code Education 2021 - present B.Tech at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 2019 Class 12th at Tirumala Jr.College (State Board) Class 10th at Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (CBSE Board) Certifications NPTEL Amazon Web Services AWS Cisco Python DBMS, C++ Coding Profiles  LeetCode  Code360 Achievements  Secured EAPCET Rank of 3338.  Represented University in South Zonals Volleyball Tournament (GPA: 8.74) (97.8) (89.4) Link Link Link