ARGHYA BHATTACHARYA arghyabhattacharya29@gmail.com | +91 8390993789 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/arghyabhattacharya29/ ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS Degree MBA Year 2022 - 2024 2014 - 2017 2011 - 2014 2011 2009 LLB B.Com ISC ISCE WORK EXPERIENCE Shoppers Stop Pvt. Ltd. HR Intern Institute CMS Business School  Jain University, Bengaluru Modern Law College, Pune Modern College of Arts, Science & Commerce, Pune St. Vincents H.T. School, Asansol St. Patricks H.S. School, Asansol Score 79% 56% 63% 61% 63% Bengaluru June 23  August 23  Managed end-to-end recruitment process including sourcing, screening, selection, and on-boarding of 30+ candidates. Implemented automation tools (Talocity, Zwayam, and On-Grid) to optimize and streamline selection and onboarding.   Designed and implemented internship program, resulting in 30% increase in internship applications year on year.  Resolved 75% of employee concerns related to Performance and Leave Reviews (PLRs), compensatory time off (comp off), and salary discrepancies within an average turnaround time of 2 business days  Assisted in the recruitment process by screening resumes, conducting initial interviews, and coordinating candidate interviews with HR unit head.  Supported onboarding for 30+ new employees and facilitated bi-weekly orientations with an avg. rating 4 out of 5  Organized employee engagement activities and events to build positive work culture and foster team camaraderie. Thinkcap Advisors Associate New Delhi Dec 21  Feb 22  Prepared and executed comprehensive research projects on Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting (BRSR), Business Responsibility Reporting (BRR) and Environmental Social Governance (ESG) for Fortune 500 organizations.  Orchestrated in-dept research on business prospects of 15+ countries to facilitate expansion of organizations operations.  Collaborated with Executive Committee to support initiatives concerning Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) and Taxation Law by contributing to strategic implementation of CSR programs and compliance with taxation regulations. M/S Kale & Shinde Associate Legal Associate Pune Nov 17  Nov 21  Led proceedings under Sec. 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act. Achieved a 30% increase in successful resolution rates through effective legal strategies and negotiation techniques.  Spearheaded 20+ bail proceedings before the Judicial Magistrate First Class and Sessions Court, navigating cases under 20+ sections of the Indian Penal Code. Maintained 80% success rate in securing bail for clients, ensuring swift legal representation and adherence to procedural requirements.  Conducted extensive legal research to support case development and enhance litigation strategies, improving case outcomes by providing insightful legal analysis and precedents.  Represented clients in 100+ execution matters and civil and criminal appeals in the District Court. Achieved favorable judgments in 80% of cases, demonstrating exceptional advocacy skills and attention to detail.  Assisted senior advocate in handling multiple cases in the High Court, Mumbai SKILLS & CERITIFCATIONS  HR Analytics using MS Excel for Human Resource Management  Workday HCM (Human Capital Management), SAP SuccessFactors, Rippling, Zoho People, Darwin Box  Six Sigma: White Belt PROJECT  Published a research paper on the topic A Study on Assessing the Ethical Influence of Artificial Intelligence on Recruitment and Selection Process. (https://www.jetir.org/view?paper=JETIR2404309)