Ravi Meena V/P- Salempur Contact no. : 8094780801 T- Sapotra D- Karauli(Raj)-322202 Email Id: Ravi.meena1793@gmail.com , CAREER OBJECTIVE To be a part of a highly professional organization in this competitive world, where my abilities and skills will be utilized in order to achieve high goals and where I can contribute towards the resources and growth of the establishment. Academic Qualification  10th Central Board of Secondary Education 2009, RBSE (Ajmer, Rajasthan) 54 %  12thCentral Board of Secondary Education 2011, RBSE (Ajmer, Rajasthan)  61.23%  B.Sc Biotechnology 2014,UOK (Kota ,Rajasthan)  69.48 %  M.sc Biotechnology 2016, Mohanlal Sukhadiya University (Udaipur, Rajasthan.)- 72.75 % Training:-  I have done my training during M.sc IV Sem at Codon Biotech PVT. LTD.,Noida Under the topic Studies On Bioremediation Of Phenol By Isolated Bacterial Culture  Dring B.sc Biotechnology I have done m training at Vital Biotech ,Kota on the topic Tools & Techniques In Biotechnology Achievements:-  Participated In Various Functions In school & Colleges  Participated In Quiz Computation In College  Active Participation In workshop On International Vulture Awareness  Active Participation In NSS In 2012 Techniques Familiar with  Molecular Biology& Genetic Engineering:  Agarose Gel Electrophoresis  Microbiology:  Different Staining Methods of Bacteria  Prepare culture Media for Bacterial growth  Isolation of pure colonies by Pour plate, Spread plate, Streaking plate method  Isolation of microorganisms from Soil  Methods of Sterilization & disinfection  Pure colony culture by serial dilution Computer Proficiency   Knowledge of computer fundamental and functioning Familiar with MS- Office & internet Area of Interest  Industrial Biotechnology  Microbiology  Molecular Biology and Genetics Personal Skills:-      Good at Communication Skills Specific to my work Scientific Attitude Towards the work Ability to grasp new things quickly Ability to cope up with situation with full determination and confidence DECLARATION :- I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: JAIPUR Date:- 09/08/2017 (Ravi Meena) REFERENCES:- Dr. Kanika Sharma Head,Department of Biotechnology, UCOS, M.L.S. University,UDAIPUR(RAJ.) Dr. Harshada Joshi Assistant Professor,Dept. of Biotechnology, UCOS, M.L.S. University,UDAIPUR(RAJ.)