Nandela Srinadh Reddy  srinadh28 | (cid:239) srinadh-reddy | # srinadh nandela@srmap.edu.in | H +91-8106172715 Work Experience Andhra Pradesh State Skill Development Corporation (APSSDC) June 2022- Aug 2022 Instantiated Cryptocurrency Price Tracker an Alexa skill model that displays the prices of 100 famous cryptocurrencies. Basically, this model runs on Python and serverless back-end by Lambda. -Reported a vulnerability in the payment gateway that can leadto payment. Projects ChatBot Mar 2024 -Technologies used : Using Amazon Lex and Lambda -Developed an Amazon chatbot using Amazon Lex and AWS Lambda. -Implemented natural language understanding (NLU) capabilities to accurately interpret user queries and provide relevant responses. SRM-AP Tour Feb 2023 Allows users to experience the breathtaking beauty of SRM-AP without physically visiting the campus. -Technologies used: Python language, matplotlib library. -Our prestigious universitys attractiveness is captured in the project.The ability to digitally explore the university is beneficial to the user. During the corona pandemic, there were numerous instances where parents and students were unable to attend the school. In order to promote our infrastructure, we must be prepared for more instances like these while also exposing our respected university to everyone. Education 2024* Bachelors Degree at SRM AP University, A.P Class 12th Board of Intermediate Education, A.P 2021 Class 10th Board of Secondary Education, A.P 2019 CERTIFICATIONS (CGPA: 8.4) (Percentage: 88.1) (CGPA: 9.3/10) -Database Management System:An NPTEL course taught by IIT Kharagpur. -21st Century Employability Skills Program - Advanced by wadhwani foundation by APSSDC. ACHIEVEMENTS Achieved more than 20+ Skill badges in Google Cloud Solved the challenges and labs provided by Google cloud. Skills C, C++, Python, Java Technical Skills CS Fundamentals Computer Networks, DBMS, Object Oriented Programming, Operating Systems Web Development HTML, Cascading Style Sheets, JavaScript Developer Tools Soft Skills Git, VS Code Teamwork, Problem Solving, Creative Thinking