Katravath Vinod Leetcode: leetcode.com/Vinod Mobile: +918688725530 Education Email: katravathvinod2509@gmail.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/Vinod  National Institute of Technology(NIT), Hamirpur Integrated Btech + Mtech -Electronics and communication Engineering GPA: 7.66 Hmiachal Pradesh, India Expected June 2024 Telangana State Board of Intermediate Education - Senior Secondary: 97.6%  Narayana Junior College Projects  Expense Tracker: Github Hyderabad, India june 2017 -may 2019  Engineered a fully responsive portfolio website using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript; optimized performance to achieve a quick load time, resulting in a 40% increase in user engagement and 25% rise in conversion rates.  Implemented expense tracking functionality, empowering users to efficiently manage finances.  Streamlined the expense creation process within the application, resulting in a 40% reduction in user input time and increasing overall user satisfaction.  Movies-Space(React.js,Node.js): Github  Developed a cutting-edge platform using React Js to analyze ratings and reviews of top 100 movies and TV shows, leading to a 40% increase in user engagement and a 25% rise in new user registrations.  implemented seamless integration of new features, such as personalized recommendations and real-time notifications, leading to a 20% boost in user retention and a 15% increase in user-generated content.  Shows a complete overview of the movie including its cast, Trailer, Director, and Official videos.  Sudoku-Solver:: Github  Led the design and development of a user-friendly Frontend web application with a Back-Tracking algorithm for solving Sudoku puzzles, resulting in a 50% reduction in solving time and an increase in user retention by 30% in the gaming sector.  Enabled users to input numbers dynamically and efficiently improved input speed by 40% to solve puzzles with a single click.  Users effortlessly input numbers from 1 to 9 into multiple boxes. Upon clicking solve below the table, the puzzle auto-solves, populating each box with potential values. Relevent Coursework  Data Structure & Algorithms  Object Oriented Programming  Database Management System, RDBMS, MySQL Certifications  Career Essentials in Software Development by Microsoft and LinkedIn link  SQL Essential Training link  NodeJS - The Complete Guide by Udemy (MVC, REST APIs, GraphQL, Deno) link Technical Skills  Languages: C++, C, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SQL  Competitive Programming : Leetcode, Geek for Geeks  Core Skills: Expressjs, Node js, React js, Restful APIs, MongoDB.  Developer Tools: GIT, Github, MySQL, Postman,Vscode Achievements and Other Highlights  Finalist 1213 rank at Techgig Code Gladiators which sees a participation of 416409 participants.  solved, 500+ DSA Problems on platforms like Geeks for Geeks , Leetcode.  Co-Ordinate member of Team Dravida, A Cultural Amalgamation and performing Club of NITH.  Organized Software Freedom Day at NIT Hamirpur which saw participation of 200+ students. Volunteer Experience & Positions  SRIJAN Content writer, Official College Magazine.  Student Mentor Part of student body mentoring freshmen.  Volunteer at NITHs GLUG(GNU/Linux Users Group) Active Member of NITHs GLUG aimed at promoting open-source coding culture.  Volunteered for National Service Scheme (NSS). Volunteered for Drug Awareness Movement. Go Green Movement,swachh bharat mission. NITH, India Sept 2019 - Present NITH, India July 2022 Hamirpur, India Oct 2020 - feb 2022 Hamirpur, India jan 2023