Himani Singhal 9205835725 | singhalhimani1203@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/himani-singhal1203/ Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Grade: 7.85 CGPA Experience Software Engineering Job Simulation New York Jobs CEO Council Jaipur, Rajasthan October 2021  Present June 2024  June 2024  Completed a challenging simulation on debugging and developing features for the software engineering team.  Resolved a critical bug in an automated billing system by identifying the root cause and developing an effective solution.  Improved user experience by developing a code that supports a note-taking feature on each invoice, enhancing communication and transparency between senders and recipients. Projects Parkinson Disease Prediction | Python, Flask, sklearn January 2024  March 2024  Performed data cleaning on a dataset comprising numerical features extracted from voice samples of both healthy and parkinsons afflicted individuals.  Trained seven different ML based classifiers and carried out hyperparameter tuning using GridSearchCV.  Evaluated performance of all the trained models and achieved the best accuracy at 97 percent and recall at 94 percent.  Explored the use of ParselMouth library to interact with a signal processing software called Praat. Utilised the library to extract numerical features from voice samples.  Created a web application using the Flask framework which enables the user to upload voice recordings and get the predictions from the model. Attendance System using Face Recognition | Python, OpenCV, SQL July 2023 - August 2023  Developed a system capable of recognising individuals in a real time video feed.  Applied video transformations using OpenCV on the video feed to display facial bounding boxes and name of the recognised individual.  Implemented a MySQL database which stores the images and attendance records.  Created an interface for administrators to view attendance logs and to add or delete students data. Email Spam Detection | Python, Tkinter, sklearn, nltk July 2023 - August 2023  Trained three different ML models capable of identifying spam emails from the content of the mails.  Demonstrated effectiveness of Naive Bayes and Multi Layer Perceptron classifiers in spam detection systems. The best model achieved accuracy of 0.98 percent on validation dataset.  Explored the data visualisation techniques used for text data like word clouds to help develop a better understanding of the dataset. Technical Skills Languages: Python, C, HTML, CSS Developer Tools: Git, VS Code, Visual Studio, Jupyter Data Analysis: SQL, MS Excel Libraries: pandas, numpy, matplotlib. seaborn, tkinter Machine Learning Frameworks: sklearn, keras, tensorflow