Bhuvanesh Kakarla  K-Bhuvanesh | (cid:239) bhuvanesh-kakarla | # kakarlabhuvanesh54@gmail.com | H +91 7337236574 Summary B.Tech CSE student specializing in Data Science at SRM-AP University. Proficient in machine learning, web development, and experienced in Python, Java, and C++. Eager to apply my skills in innovative, real-time projects. Work Experience Summer Internship at APSSDC in AWS  Developed a real-time chat application using AWS Amplify, Next.js, GraphQL, and AWS, integrating user authentication, real-time messaging, and server-side rendering.  Led frontend and backend development, deploying to AWS Cloud with scalable infrastructure, ensuring security, and receiving positive feedback for UI/UX and real-time performance. Projects Data Scientist Core Project on Telecommunication Industry  Performed exploratory data analysis (EDA) on a Telco customer churn dataset with 7,000+ records, leveraging Pandas and Seaborn to identify trends and outliers.  Developed an interactive heatmap to visualize customer behavior across 12 key features, uncovering insights that contributed to a 20% improvement in customer satisfaction.  Implemented and optimized machine learning models such as Random Forest, Naive Bayes, AdaBoost, and XGBoost, achieving a churn prediction accuracy of 80.34%. Utilized cross-validation to compare models and enhance performance metrics and helping reduce churn rates by 74% Library Management System  Designed and implemented a system to manage library operations including user management, book borrowing, returns, and catalog maintenance.  Utilized Java and MySQL for backend development and HTML/CSS and JavaScript for frontend.  Integrated overdue notifications and advanced search filters to improve user experience. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY-AP 2021 Class 12th Board Of Intermediate Education 2021 Class 10th Andhra Pradesh State Board (GPA: 7.87/10) (92.5%) (92.15%) Skils Programming Languages: Python, Java, C++ Web Technologies: DataBases: Cloud: Data Skills: Tools: Soft Skills: HTML, CSS, JavaScript MySQL, SQL AWS Data modeling, Visualization, Experiment design MS Office, Excel, Linux Adaptability, Collaboration, Time Management, Problem Solving, Re- sponsibility, Communication Telugu(Proficient), English(Proficient), Hindi(Intermediate) Languages: