MAYANK RAJ Software Engineer www.linkedin.com/in/mayankraj2264 +91 9991465451 rajm42550@gmail.com Noida, Uttar Pradesh SUMMARY Detail-oriented and analytical fresher skilled in data analysis, statistical methods, and data visualization using Python, SQL, and Excel. Strong problem-solving abilities, effective communicator, and adept at translating data into actionable insights. Thrives in dynamic environments, committed to contributing to data-driven decision- making processes.. Eager to learn and tackle new challenges in a collaborative environment. Open to opportunities that allow me to leverage my technical skills and contribute to innovative software solutions. EDUCATION PROJECTS Manipal University Jaipur B.tech Computer Science & Engineering 2021 - 2025 Deen Bandhu Public School Higher secondary education 2019 - 2021 SKILLS Technical Skills: Languages: C/C++, Java, Python Data Visualization: Power Bi Microsoft Excel Databases: MySQL Artificial Intelligence Data Science Soft Skills: Critical Thinking Problem Solver Quick Learner Positive Attitude Effective Communication CERTIFICATIONS Blockchain Technology by Manipal University Jaipur Red Hat System Administration I (RH124) Data Structures in C/C++ by Abdul Bari Introduction to cloud computing By IBM What is Data Science By IBM Introduction to Software Engineering by IBM Power Bi Data Analyst By Microsoft EmoSense - Facial Emotion Recognition Project 01/2024 - 4/2024 EmoSense is a facial emotion recognition project utilizing deep learning techniques. It employs convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to analyze facial expressions and accurately detect emotions such as happiness, sadness, anger, and more. The technology aims to enhance human- computer interaction and emotional understanding in various applications. E-commerce Data Analysis 06/2024 - Present I am currently working on an E-commerce Data Analysis project to understand sales trends, customer behavior, and inventory management. Utilizing Python, Pandas, Scikit- learn, and Tableau, the project aims to drive strategic decisions through comprehensive data analysis. EXPERIENCE Celebal Technologies: Cloud Infra & Security Intern: 05/2024 - 07/2024 As a summer intern in 2024 at Celebal Technologies, I gained valuable experience in Cloud Infrastructure and Security. I immersed myself in understanding industry practices, contributing to projects, and learning firsthand how to implement professional solutions in cloud environments. Data Science Intern: 07/2024 - Present As a part of Centre of Excellence program at Celebal Technology, I have been selected as a data science intern where I get to learn and work on industry level projects related to data science such as machine learning, feature engineering, image processing etc. It is a perfect combination of learning & working on projects and skills which the industry demands.