DHRUVI RAHEVAR (cid:239) linkedin | # dhruvirahevar06@gmail.com | H +91 7600006009 Education  Parul University, Vadodara Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science Engineering June 2020-May 2024 CGPA: 8.71 Work Experience Research and Development Cell- Parul University Credential April 2021 - April 2023 Research and Development Team  Work: Designed smart traffic surveillance system using python for reducing traffic congestion and roadside accident mitigation.  Sponsers: This Project was Funded by Royal Academy of Engineering, Nirvedha Tech, Nasscom center of excellence-iotAI , LT-SL and parul university ITCG solutions Credential Project Trainee Dec 2023 - March 2024  Work: Contributed innovative features to ongoing projects as a Data Analyst intern specializing in Power BI and python, enhancing data visualization and analysis capabilities. accident mitigation. M2 Web Solutions Credential Web Designer May 2023 - June 2023  Work: Web Designer, worked on ongoing projects and assisted the designers. Smart Insurance Credential Data Science Intern July 2023 - Oct 2023  Work: Data Science Intern, worked on aspects like data visualization, model development, and feature engineering in Python. Aniruddhsinh Infrastructure Private Limited Credential June 2022 - Sept 2022 Data analyst Intern  Work: Worked on practical aspects of Data Analysis in Python and actively con tributed to database management. Achievements Letter of Incubation Support from Parul Innovation and Entrepreneurship Research Cell Winner of Vadodara Police Hackathon 2023 Winner of Best Innovative Idea title in Hackvenger national level hackathon Technical Skills Languages: Python, SQL Developer Tools: Power BI, Advance MS Excel Frameworks: Machine learning, Deep Learning, OpenCV, Neural Networks, Numpy, Pandas, Sci-kit learn,keras Visulization: Power BI, Matplotlib, Seaborn Cloud: AZURE Major Projects  Traffic Flow Optimization  In an attempt to reduce traffic congestion, developed an improved traffic manage ment system in the form of a Computer Vision-based traffic signal controller that can automatically adapt to the traffic situation at the traffic signal. The system sets the green signal time adaptively according to the traffic density at the signal and ensures that the direction with less traffic is allotted a green signal for a shorter duration of time  Technologies used: python, OpenCV,pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, convolutional neural network(yolov3) Power BI  Achievement: Won Best Innovative Idea title in Hackvenger national level hackathon.  Heart Disease Prediction Using Machine Learning  Developed a heart disease prediction model in python using machine learning and data science  Carried out a thorough preprocessing and exploratory analysis of the data to find trends and relationships.  Technologies used: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Machine learning, Scikit-learn, Python  Vehicle detection using Yolov5  Detection of vehicle going in and out, using live camera applied the model to count the total number of vehicles moving in both directions(in and out).  Technologies used: Python, Opencv, Neutral Network, YOLO, GPU  Number plate Recognition with mapping  Amid rising crime and increased vehicle theft, this innovative computer vision system captures license plates at key junctions, aiding law enforcement to swiftly track vehicle locations via a user-friendly dashboard, bolstering urban security.  Technologies used: Python, Opencv, Neutral Network, YOLO, GPU  Restaurant Sentiment Analysis using NLP and Machine Learning  Aimed at harnessing the power of natural language processing and machine learning to gain valuable insights into customer sentiments and opinions about various restaurants rants. Leadership  Class Representative throughout BTech.  Lead a dynamic team and participated in various hackathons Certifications  Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals Cloud concepts, Azure architecture and services and Azure management and governance.  Microsoft Certified: Azure AI Fundamentals Artificial Intelligence workloads and considerations, fundamental principles of machine learning, computer vision, Natural Language Processing  Advanced Learning Algorithms Build and train neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi- class classification Extracurricular Activities  Event coordinator in Dhoom, University Fest.  Winner of Debate competition