Tarisha Patwa tarisha03@gmail.com | +44 (0)7534693864 | www.linkedin.com/in/tarishapatwa EDUCATION Sept 21  Sept 22 Sept 21  Sept 22 Jul 16  Jun 20 Chartered Institute of Personnel Development (CIPD) CIPD Level 7 London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) MSc Human Resources and Organisations + CIPD Level 7 Accreditation Coursework: People Analytics, Strategies and Policies for HR, Leadership in Organisations, HR in Global Companies. Dissertation: Whos in office? Understanding the impact of remote work on organizational identification. Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University, India Bachelor of Business Administration Honours + Diploma in Liberal Studies Major: Human Resources, Minor: Psychology Merit CGPA : 9.41/10 Gold Medallist First Class Honours EXPERIENCE Nov 23  Present University of Greenwich, UK Career Mentor  Mentoring and advising undergraduate students to fast-track their professional development, assisting them with career planning, CV reviews, out-reach and interview prep. Aug 23  Present Rocket Food, London, UK People and Culture Coordinator  Supported the company through merger and integration post-acquisition, working on stream-lining and optimizing people processes, reporting into the companys finance director.  Solely spearheading companys learning and development, focusing on aligning companys developmental strategies with the growth and professional aspirations of both permanent and casual employees.  Managing a team of 120+ casual workers, along with stakeholder/ vendor management and building company relationships.  Optimising people and staffing processes, increased efficiency of daily staffing tasks by 65% and stream-lined interviewing process - reducing company effort by 25%.  Conducting one-to-ones, exit interviews, handling grievances, reviewing and collating data and feedback to draw insights and inferences to improve, update and address areas of learning & development.  Responsible for the staffing function, over-seeing admin heavy logistics, operations and payroll with precision. Oct 21  Sept 22 Oppidan Education, London, UK Mentor  Coached year 12 students in 8+ private and public sector schools to become peer mentors for students in year 7, through 6-week long in-person and online programs, focusing on developing transferable skills, mentorship and personal development among students and help reduce the risk of exclusion in students transitioning to secondary school. May 22  Sep 22 Kola, London, UK Founders Associate  Collaborated with the founder to manage the business third-party relationships with suppliers and service partners.  Updated and maintained the company website (minimum viable product), product codes, SKU listings and updated stock items on company and vendor websites. Jun 20  Aug 21 HR Solutions, Vadodara, India Human Resource Associate  Developed 16 training and development modules and facilitated their delivery, positively impacting team cohesion and communication, organisational identification, and bottom-to-top communication for the clients.  Performed compensation benchmarking for a fortune 500 insurance company by conducting industry specific market research to produce salary bands for the client resulting in a 15% saving in their predicted budget.  Identified and integrated psychometric assessment tools as a customisable package sold to clients in the banking, insurance and software development industries. Leading to immediate action plans and remedial measures targeting people problems such as high attrition rates and poor performance.  Conducted in-house recruitment and on-boarding activities for the company, optimising processes and reducing on- boarding effort by 56 hours.  Reported directly to the founder for psychometrics and worked with cross-functional teams to produce data driven insights for clients. Aug 18  Aug 21 9 Links, Ahmedabad, India HR Project Consultant  Developed Situational Judgment Test (SJT) tools and assessments for appraisals, performance mapping and recruitment based on various competencies and verticals (e.g. market awareness, leadership, empathy, EI and collaboration) to optimise employee performance and outputs.  Delivered on 6 projects, tailored to client requirements, keeping their KPIs and KRAs in consideration for multi-national organisations such as World Bank, Casio and Piramal Group. Jan 18  Mar 20 Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU), India  Teaching Assistant, Research Assistant, Mentor  Tutored semester 2 students for Principles of Management, administered assignments, and conducted classroom activities for a class strength of 60-70 students under Dr Supriya Pal.  Co-authored Work-life balance of millennial dual career couples and its impacts on organisational culture: An explorative in the textile industry in Gujarat. Presented the paper at the 6th National conference on business and study management at Delhi University and won the best paper award.  Conducted field work for two research projects - Salary structures in the mass communication industry in India and Professional quality of life of school teachers in western India.  Tutored under privileged school students from classes 3 to 8 from nearby villages, coordinated classes and events, compiled academic material and collated syllabus. Skills: Languages: Ms Excel (Proficient), IBM SPSS, CRM, Hubspot, Airtable, Outlook, Slack, Canva English, Hindi, Gujarati (Native Proficiency), Sanskrit, Japanese, French (Basic Proficiency)