Suhani Rajput Software Developer | Frontend Developer | suhanirajputt05@gmail.com |91+6397702011 Leet Code | HackerRank | Linkedin | Git Hub Education Noida Institute of engineering and technology Bachelor of Technology Computer Science Engineering Raghubir Bal Mandir Sr. Secondary School PCM - XII Experience Greater Noida Nov 2021 - Jul 2025 Aligarh Apr 2020 - March2021 BharatIntern | Web Developer Intern Jul 2023  Aug 2023 Developed login/signup forms with ReactJS. Led environment les development for di erent environments Implemented ReactJS best practices for state management & event handling Collaborated with team to develop and resolve issues. OctaNet Services Pvt Ltd. | Web Development Internship Aug 2024 Developed a landing page of hotel with Html,Css,Javascript. Engaged in regular code reviews, providing constructive feedback and learning best. Designed and implemented several new web pages, including landing pages. Used Git and GitHub for version control, managing code . Skills Programming Languages: Java, Javascript, HTML/CSS Libraries/Frameworks: Tools / Platforms: Databases: Bootstrap, React, Node.js Intellij IDEA, Visual Studio Code My SQL, Mongo DB Projects / Open-Source Real Time Chat Applicaton HTML, CSS, React Js, MongoDB Created a real-time chat app that supports instant messaging, user authentication, and notifications. Implemented features such as message broadcasting, user presence indicators, and chat history, resulting in a seamless user experience and enhanced communication efficiency. Landing Page HTML, CSS, Javascript, React Js This is landing page website built using React.js. It showcases my skills, experience, and projects in an interactive and visually appealing manner. This website serves as a showcase of my professional skills, experience, and projects. It is designed to provide visitors with a comprehensive overview of my expertise and accomplishments. Certifications Python Basics : University of Michigan Object Oriented Programming Of Java Data Structures  UCSanDiego Web Development - BharatIntern Introduction to Cloud Computing  Coursera IBM