Kanchan (cid:131) +91-8851938304 # kanchanmehta1232@gmail.com Education  https://github.com/Kanchan9m (cid:239) https://www.linkedin.com/in/kanchan-637697229/  Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology, CGPA: 8.31/10.0  Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya CBSE, Class XII: 77.6 percentage  Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya CBSE, Class X: 79 percentage Experience  Internshala Uttar Pradesh, India August 2021 - June 2025 April 2020 - March 2021 Molardband, South-East Delhi April 2018 - March 2019 Molardband, South-East Delhi 07/2022 - 09/2022 Training in Web Development  Completed a comprehensive web development training program covering HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap.  Engineered interactive user interfaces and responsive web pages using modern web technologies.  Celebal Technologies 06/2024- 07/2024 Virtual Intern under React JS Department  Engineered and supported interactive, user-centric web applications with React JS. Projects To-do list  Prepared a To-Do List application using Python and Flask.  Created a responsive UI with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Integrated SQLite for data management and leveraged Flask-SQLAlchemy for ORM operations. Cryptocurrency Price Prediction  Designed a Cryptocurrency Price Prediction system using Python, TextBlob, NewsAPI, and NLP.  Employed NewsAPI to fetch news articles and applied TextBlob for sentiment analysis to gauge market sentiment.  Integrated NLP insights with historical price data to predict future cryptocurrency prices. Emotion Detection  Developed an Emotion Detection system using Python, Keras, and OpenCV.  Built a Sequential model in Keras to recognize facial expressions.  Utilized OpenCV for real-time video capture and face detection, achieving accurate emotion classification. Skills Technical Skills: Python, SQL, Java, HTML, CSS, JS, NodeJs, Databases, Machine Learning Frameworks and Tools: OpenCV, NumPy, Pandas, Flask, React, Github Industry Knowledge: OOPs, Data Structures, Algorithms, Machine Learning Soft Skills: Strategic Planning, Team Collaboration, Time Management Certifications  Python Basics - University of Michigan (Coursera)  Java Programming Arrays, Lists, and Structured Data - Duke University (Coursera)  Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python - IBM Skills Network (Coursera)  Flask Master Class For Beginners to Pro - Codedamn  Developing cloud Apps with NodeJs and React Introduction to NoSQL Databases - IBM Skills Network (Coursera)  Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithms - Codedamn Communities  GDSC A member of Google Developer Student Clubs at Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology.  GSSOC Selected as a Contributer in GirlScript Summer Of Code (GSSOC24) which is a 3 month long open- source program by GirlScript Foundation  A member of GirlScript Summer of Code program conducted by Girl Script Foundation.