PRATIK SINGH +916370197621  singhpratik2105@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/pratik-singh-6334b3239  github.com/Swanky210 EDUCATION B.Tech Computer Science and Engineering(IoT and Intelligent Systems) Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan. May 2025 TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Java, Python, C, Javascript, SQL. Frameworks, Technologies: Spring Boot, ExpressJs, NodeJs, Pandas, Numpy, HTML, CSS, GIT/GITHUB, RPA, Scikit Learn, Natural Language Processing. Developer Tools: Tech Stack: Data Structure and Algorithms, Data Analytics and Data Visualization, Operating System, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation,Database Management System, Software engineering, ETL Concepts. Intellij, Eclipse, Jupyter, mysql, VsCode, PowerBi, Ms Excel, Ms PowerPoint, Ms Word, UiPath. WORK EXPERIENCE Celebal Technologies Pvt Ltd., Remote: Data Science Intern May 2024  July 2024  Employed various machine learning techniques to analyze customer behaviour and identify key factors contribut- ing to churn.  Enhanced model accuracy through feature engineering and hyper-parameter tuning, enabling the company to develop targeted retention strategies. ACADEMIC PROJECTS Amazon Echo Reviews Analysis Oct 2023- Dec 2023  Conducted in-depth analysis of 1000 consumer sentiment towards Amazon Echo devices, to extract and analyze key features from customer reviews, resulting in actionable insights for product enhancement strategies.  Developed and trained a machine learning model to classify reviews as neutral, negative, or positive.  Leveraged data analysis to understand customer satisfaction and identify potential areas for product improvement. Email Automation Bot Aug 2023- Sept 2023  Developed an email automation bot using UiPath Studio to streamline repetitive email tasks, such as sending reports and responding to inquiries.  Designed the bot to interact with the email interface, extract data, compose emails, and send them based on predefined rules.  Implemented the solution to save time, enhance consistency, and minimize human error in email communication by designing workflows and integrating with the email provider using UiPath Studio. Social Media Backend Login Authentication Feb 2023- March 2023  Implemented secure social media login for a web application by leveraging backend APIs to authenticate users through their chosen social media platform.  Ensured secure retrieval of user data, reducing the need for separate account creation and enhancing user expe- rience. Password based Door Locking System Oct 2022- Jan 2023  Developed a DIY password-based door lock system using Arduino, enhancing security by replacing traditional keys with a keypad for code entry.  Promoted security and convenience, making it ideal for homes, workshops, or any space requiring controlled access. ACHIEVEMENTS Manipal University Jaipur Scholarship, Sept 2023  Awarded the Manipal University Annual Scholarship twice during my academic career on Scholarship Day. Kleos Hackathon Mumbai March 2023  Our team advanced to the final round of the Kleos Hackathon, achieving a top 10 placement.