Venkata Sai Karthik Pampana KarthikPampana | venkatasaikarthikpampana | karthik304jobs@gmail.com | +918897573506 SUMMARY As a Fourth Year B.Tech. Computer Science student with good academic record, I possess the capability to solve problems efficiently using my knowledge. I am actively seeking opportunities to contribute to a challenging work environment, where I can demonstrate my skills and dedication to ongoing learning. My adaptable nature and commitment to personal growth position me as a valuable addition to any technology-focused team. WORK EXPERIENCE Web Development 2 Months Virtual Internship Jun 2023 - Jul 2023 During my two-month virtual internship at CodeSwap Solutions, I gained fundamental expertise in web development. I focused on mastering the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to craft dynamic and adaptable websites. Through hands-on practice, I solidified my comprehension of essential front-end technologies, honing my skills in website creation. PROJECTS E-Commerce website Developed an E-commerce website using MongoDB for flexible data storage, Express.js and Node.js for robust server-side logic, and React.js for dynamic user interfaces. With features like product browsing and secure checkout we provide a modern and responsive platform for online shopping. Service Provider Developed a robust MERN stack application that connects users with local service providers offering a range of services including plumbing, repair works, beauty services, and more. Implemented features allowing users to find nearby service providers or register their own services to reach potential customers. Utilized MongoDB for data storage, Express.js for server-side logic, ReactJS for dynamic front-end interfaces, and Node.js for backend integration, ensuring a seamless user experience. EDUCATION 2021 - present B.Tech. in CSE at SRM University, AP (CGPA: 8.67/10.00) Specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 2021 2019 Class 12th Board of Intermediate Education, AP Class 10th Board of Secondary Education, AP (Percentage: 97.2%) (GPA: 10.0/10.0) SKILLS Skills C/C++, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, N o d e JS ReactJS, DSA, Problem Solving, SQL, MongoDB Interests Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Web Development