NASIRUDDIN KHAN Bokaro,Jharkhand 9693454971 khannasiruddin44@gmail.com nasiruddinkhan Nasiruddin44 EDUCATION Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology B-Tech in CSE (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) - CGPA - 7.0 Al-Kabir Polytechnic Diploma in CSE - Percentage - 73% COURSEWORK 08 2022  06 2025 Noida, India 08 2019  06 2022 Jamshedpur , India  Data Structures &  Artificial Intelligence  Web Development Algorithms  OOPS Concept  Machine Learning  Java  C PROJECTS Sorting Visualizer | Html,Css,Javascript  About project choose a variety of sorting algorithms to visualize, such as Bubble Sort, Selection Sort, Insertion Sort, Merge Sort, Quick Sort, etc. Each algorithm has unique characteristics that affect its performance and visual representation. The sorting process visually using graphical elements such as bars, dots, or animations. Each element should represent a data element in the array being sorted. Visual cues like color changes, swapping animations, or movement help users understand the sorting process. Online Placement Information Gathering System  Html,Css,Javascript,Reactjs,Nodejs,MySQL  About project online placement information gathering system (OPIGS) to help the placement department of college, students and the recruiters to ease the placement process. The system is an online placement information-gathering portal, which will be helpful not only for the institute but also for the recruitment companies to have a glance at the talent in the institute. Basically, the student will sign up and various notifications about the on going or to be conducted will be displayed. Information about various companies and their recruitment policy, work environment, etc. will also be displayed. The students can upload/make a resume too and this resume can be seen by the recruitment companies. A section for the institutes alumni, who have worked for various companies, can write in their feedbacks and the interested students may contact them for further information. INTERNSHIP Bharat Intern Web Developer 08 2023  10 2023 Noida, India  About the role and responsibilities such as designing, building, and maintaining websites ensuring responsiveness and cross-browser compatibility optimizing website performance and integrating various technologies and services. Programming languages like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, as well as knowledge of frameworks and libraries like React, Angular, or Vue.js . TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Python,Java,C,HTML/CSS,JavaScript,Object Oriented Programming,Data Structure Algorithms Developer Tools: VS Code,NetBeans IDE Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, GitHub, ReactJS, NodeJS, Git, Mongo,Django,Spring EXTRACURRICULAR Competitive Programming Club Member  About the role involved in the club centered around Competitive Programming.  Participation Certificate. CERTIFICATIONS  DSA with Java - Apna College  Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach - Coursera  Building AI Powered Chatbots Without Programming-IBM  Introduction to NoSQL Databases-IBM  Basic Data Descriptors, Statistical Distributions, and Application to Business Decisions-Rice University  2 Stars in Code Chef Java & DSA.  Getting Started with AI using IBM Watson