ABHISHEK OBJECTIVE Account Manager adept at cultivating and enhancing business-to-client relationships. Possessing a solid background in financial management and strategic decision-making, I am seeking a challenging role where I can leverage my analytical skills and financial acumen in a dynamic environment to foster organizational growth and contribute to the success of the team. WORK EXPERIENCE Honda Cars India Limited, Greater Noida | July 01, 2024 - Present Intern, Finance Department - Managed export transactions, including invoices, shipping bills, and bills of lading, - - - ensuring timely submission within 21-day deadlines. Gained expertise in Incoterms, A1 and A2 annexures, and compliance with FEMA, GR waiver under RBI guidelines. Handled customs documentation, duty drawback processes, and obtained Bank of Realisation Certificates (BRC). Strengthened skills in international trade procedures, document management, and regulatory compliance. Shree College of Nursing, Kashipur | Sep 2022- 2023 Accountant - Maintained organized and accurate records of financial transactions using Tally ERP. - Prepared detailed balance sheets using Excel to track financial transactions and managed all college accounts ensuring accuracy and compliance with accounting standards. Executed day-to-day accounting activities, including journal entries, reconciliations, and financial reporting. Played a key role in supporting the financial operations of the institution, contributing to its overall productivity and success. Certificate: https://drive.google.com/file/d/19EvAheq97Se_pd9cASaCG8WXqqpoKxjI/view?usp=sh aring - - - Singh Consultancy, Kashipur | Aug 2019  2022 Account Manager - Managed financial records and accounts for clients, ensuring accuracy and compliance - - - with regulatory standards. Prepared balance sheets, income statements, invoices and cash flow statements and utilized Tally ERP, & Excel to maintain organized and up-to-date financial data. Demonstrated expertise in accounting concepts, consistently delivering error-free work. played a key role in maintaining client relationships and providing exceptional service to meet their accounting needs. SKILLS - - MS-Excel, MS-Word, MS- PPT - Tally ERP Problem solving, Communication Skills, Teamwork & Collaboration +91 6399936645 abhi.s36645@gmail.com Greater Noida, India EDUCATION Galgotias University, Greater Noida MBA in Dual Specialization  Finance and Business Analytics Aug 2023  Aug 2025 (Expected) ID: 23GSOB2010872 Current cgpa: 7.00 Kumaun University, Uttrakhand Bachelors of Commerce (B.Com UG 2016-19) Percentage: 55.12 % Kendriya Vidyalaya Kashipur, Uttrakhand (CBSE) Senior Secondary (XII) Year of completion: 2016, %: 45.20 Secondary (X) Year of completion: 2014, CGPA: 7.00 EXTRACURRICULARS -Serving as Placement Coordinator, organizing communication and events with HR professional and faculties. -Organized collaboration with the Placement Cell. felicitation a ceremony in certification -Completed "Effective Communication Skills" workshop conducted by the college. in LANGUAGES English, Hindi