(cid:131) 7305377158 # dharmadurairama03@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/DharmaDurai  github.com/Dharmadurai01 DHARMADURAI R EDUCATION Chennai institute of technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Business System EXPERIENCE Swells technologies and solution pvt Ltd Software Engineer Intern Sep 2021  May 2025 Chennai, Tamilnadu May 2023  Jun 2023 chennai,Tamilnadu  Developed and improved support standards by implementing a robust task management system software, ensuring timely and efficient issue resolution for showroom staff.  Implemented design adjustments and responsive layouts, resulting in significant improvement in user experience  Optimized database queries, API endpoints, and data processing, resulting in a enhancing the overall application performance PROJECTS MAGIZHVAGAM(Home of happiness) | React js ,Mongodb April 2024  Focused on user experience (UX) to create a seamless and intuitive interface for renters and landlords.  Leveraged APIs to facilitate efficient data management and interaction between frontend and backend.  Prioritized customer satisfaction by ensuring a smooth and user-friendly rental process.  Implemented real-time search and filtering functionalities to enhance user experience and expedite the rental search process. FITNESSFUEL | React js,Mongodb December 2023  Developed a personalized workout scheduling feature to integrate seamlessly with user calendars.  Built a user-friendly interface for easy exercise selection and efficient workout planning.  Focused on empowering users to achieve their fitness goals through a data-driven and personalized approach. MAPPIN | React js ,Mapbox October 2023  Developed MAP, a web application for finding the perfect place to spend time based on user reviews and location.  Implemented location-based search functionality to help users discover nearby hidden gems.  Empowered users to make informed decisions through a platform driven by real-time customer insights. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages:Java,HTML, CSS, JS  Database: MySQL,Mongoose  Frontend: React JS  Version control: GitHub  Backend:Express JS, Node JS  Operating Systems: Linux CERTIFICATES  Introduction Cyber Security Essentials(CISCO)  Introduction to RPA and Automation(UIPATH)  Introduction to Networks(CISCO)  Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation(CISCO)  Responsive website Basics : code with HTML ,CSS and JAVASCRIPT: (Coursera) CODING PROFILE  LeetCode: Solved 200+ problems  SkillRack: Solved 800+ problems, 268 Bronze medals  Codechef: Solved 200+ problems ACHIVEMENTS  Finallist in internal Hackthon conducted by our collage  Technical lead in our department Symposium