Bidur Gupta (cid:131) +917398682731 # guptabidur001@gmail.com EDUCATION Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam Technical University (AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science (CGPA: 7.37) Maharana Pratap Inter College Intermediate (Percentage: 79.4) EXPERIENCE GudDo (Flutter Developer Intern) (cid:239) bidur-gupta-3b515122a  bidur0123 May 2025 Ghaziabad, UP 2018 - 2020 Kurmipatti, Deoria, UP Sep 2023 Nov 2023 NewDelhi , IN  Created client applications with a simple user interface and clean architecture.  Conceptualized, developed, and launched GudDo, a donation free platform app . facilitated users in donating unused household items and connecting with those in need.  Integrated real-time chat functionality, enhancing communication for item donations.  Utilized Google Maps integration to display nearby posted items, improving accessibility.  Technologies Used - Flutter, Firebase, Dart, Google Map. Nujan (As a Freelancer) April 2023 Aug 2023 Varanasi , IN  Implemented key features for the anonymous social media app, enabling users to post images, audio, engage in group and one-to-one chats, and discreetly follow others.  Ensured a high level of privacy by implementing robust anonymity features, assuring users that their identity remains undisclosed while using the app.  Integrated real-time chat functionality, enhancing communication for item donations.  Contributed signicantly to Nujan by architecting a captivating and feature-rich frontend, elevating the user experience in the realm of anonymous social media interactions. PERSONAL PROJECTS Happy2Help | Flutter, Dart, Node.js, MongoDB GitHub  Developed a mobile application using Flutter, with a Node.js/Express backend and MongoDB for data management, aimed at providing mental health support.  Incorporated features for anonymity and real-time communication, allowing users to schedule sessions with therapists via live chat or phone.  Created a supportive community environment within the app through user ChatRoom and shared experiences. Fusion | Flutter, Dart, Firebase GitHub  Developed Fusion, an innovative app employing machine learning to predict the transfer price of goods between international warehouses.  Streamlined the process by enabling users to input relevant data, for accurate and ecient price calculations.  Demonstrated a commitment to technological advancements and eciency in global trade through the implementation of Fusion. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C, C++, Python, Dart, Kotlin, XML, HTML, CSS Technologies: Flutter, React Native, Firebase, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB Libraries and SDKs: Google Maps SDK, Retrot, Agora SDK, Dialogow Developers Tool and Technologies: Android Studio, VS Code, Git, GitHub, Figma ACHIEVEMENTS  Best Pitcher award at AceHack Hackathon Organized by UEM Jaipur and placing among the top 10 teams.  Mentored over 400 students in app development and organized technical events, signicantly contributing to the growth and development of the college.