Layashma Veeramalla  Layashma | (cid:239) Layashma Veeramalla | # layashmaveeramalla@gmail.com | H +91 7337271368 Summary Enthusiastic self motivated and Highly skilled software developer with a solid foundation in design- ing and developing software applications.Possesses foundational knowledge in c,c++,java,python,Data structures and Algorithms. Demonstrates strong problem-solving abilities and a passion for continuous learning. Excellent communication and teamwork skills.I can collaborating with senior developers to understand user needs, writing clean and efficient code, and testing and debugging to ensure optimal performance.Continuously updated with industry trends and technologies to drive innovation. , with an ability to adapt quickly and thrive in fast-paced environments. Eager to apply my skills and knowledge to contribute effectively to a dynamic team and support organizational goals.Constantly seeking oppor- tunities to learn and up-skill through challenging tasks. team player with a strong desire to learn and implement new techonogy trends. Work Experience Research Internship June 2023 I have successfully completed a research internship focused on maximizing throughput in device-to-device communication, demonstrating proficiency in conducting in-depth analysis and implementing innovative strategies to enhance network efficiency. Projects FullStack E-Commerce Website Created a responsive FullStack e-commerce platform using the MERN stack, seamlessly integrating Mon- goDB, Express.js, React.js, and Node.js and user-friendly interface GUI Calculator Implemented a user-friendly graphical calculator using Java Swing. Tic-Tac-Toe Game using React Built Tic-Tac-Toe Game using React. Smart Healthcare Using Fedarated Learning Federated Learning Framework: Designing and implementing a robust federated learning framework that allows machine learning models to be trained collaboratively across multiple decentralized healthcare datasets without the need to centralize sensitive patient information. Medicine Recommendation System Developed a machine learning-based medicine recommendation system to provide personalized medication suggestions based on patient health data and medical history.The project involved:Data Collection and Preprocessing,Model Development,Evaluation and Optimization,User Interface,Collaboration. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science Engineering at SRM University Andhra (CGPA: 8.7/10) (977/1000) (10/10 GPA) Pradesh Class 12th Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education Class 10th Board of Secondary Education Andhra Pradesh 2021 2019 Skills Programming Skills: Skills : Analytical Skills : Learning and Intellectual Curiosity: : and Data SQL,Machine of DataScience Architecture,strong C,C++,Java,Python,DataStructures and Algorithms. HTML,CSS,Javascript,React,Node js,expresjs,MongoDB,MY Learn- ing,Knowledge visualiza- OS tion,Computer/Microprocessor Fundamentals,DBMS,Excellent communication and prior- itization skills,strong problem solving skills,Team player. Self-starter requiring minimal supervision.can adapt to new technology trends,Interest and ability to learn other coding languages, Good at Problem Solving and Strong Analytical Skills.Assist in business development activities,OOP con- cepts and frameworks, DB fundamentals ,Git and Linux commands. Excellent problem solving and analytical skills Passionate about programming. Enthusiastic about learning new approaches, best practices, and ideas,Not overly attached to past methods and open to innovation. Communication and Presentation Skills: : Excellent Writing presentation teams,Interpersonal and consultative skills. effectively skills,can and Verbal Communication,Strong communicate with Leetcode Profile: https://leetcode.com/u/Layashma/