Muniswamy H B Expert  HR Operations & Statutory Compliances Mobile: 9945490600, E-mail: mswamyhgp@yahoo.com PAN Card: BDNPM1811Q | AadharCard: 678542702623 Present Address: # 24, Meenakshi Nagara, Kamakshipalya, Bangalore-560079. Permanent Address: # 14, Hanumegowdanapalya, Kunigal 572130, Tumakuru (DT), Karnataka. Profile Summary: I will be a part of your team in leading the HR & Statutory compliance operations Function of your establishment. I will support the business heads to deliver the highest performance of their role. This profile carry the 10+ years of experience in Employee related compliance activities and related MIS. I am looking for an opportunity in HR & compliance operations Management with a progressive organization. I will take up responsibility in the areas of Statutory Compliance like Principal Employer Compliance / Contractor Compliance / Facility & Vendor Compliance. Preferred PAN India operations with multiple entities and branches. Adding the flavor of smart consulting experience. Very good at various HRIS Softwares, Payroll Softwares, MS Excel, MS Office & other system skills and customized software. My expertise will support for the handling all the department obtaining license with various government bodies and handling inspection and closing smoothly, I am open to travel & flexible. I can work with the team in any environment like IT / Non-IT / Establishment / Retail Industry. My present role is with Obgenix Software Private Limited Bangalore to look after Pan India Compliances support. Skillset & Key points Being a SPOC: Truly involved operations on day to day activities to support the client representatives and stakeholders across multiple clients and locations. I will understand the need of support and respond within 24 hours time. This is commitment. Multiple compliance: Support client representatives in addressing various labour law compliances on both sides i.e. Principal Employer and contractor compliances. Can refer and understand the compliance clauses referred and respond accordingly. Operations and MIS: Worked with internal teams and extern al teams to collect data an d update MIS up to date to share with senior Management & client Managers. I extend support for operations for their compliance queries and information with lowest TAT. Client review meeting: Attends client review meetings on various issues/check-ups/ escalations as a part of operational support. Follow the further procedure of MoMs and conclusion of the activity with client. I will follow conclusive approach to address the issues to extend support to operations team. Always ensure all is well within the scope of work and compliance framework. Vendor Review Attends vendor review meetings with necessary information and handle the queries of both vendors & clients. Coordinate with internal teams for necessary support. Presentations, Data preparation, queries handling at meetings Knowledge updates Coordinates with internal teams for recent changes on labour laws and support client for vendors commercials revision as and when required. Suggest and guide on commercials to be release to vendors as per the revised compliance changes. Meetings & Seminar Conducts meetings an d seminars on later knowledge. Independently conduct compliance trainings at multiple locations. Multiple times conducted phone call sessions for PAN India compliance partners. Inspections & Notices Handle with internal teams and guide them to close the inspections and notices and suggest the way-out to deal with authorities. Completely understand and act on various labour law related notices. Induction Management Formalities for new joiners.  Preparing and issuing offer letters, Appointment letters for selected candidates.   Orientation training about Company and all rules and regulation and policy.  Preparing induction program and scheduling with different departments.  Brief note of new joiners to all the dignitaries through email. Introducing the new employee to all departments HODs  Time Administration and Payroll Management  Time office functions like processing the punching data and merge to attendance system.  Reports: Daily Attendance, Employee Summary, Department Summary, Current Status of employee, In/Out Statistics, Late mark Summary, Early Out, Manual Entry, Single Entry  Updating muster data, shift schedule, compensatory off, Holidays.  Monitoring all employees attendance and leave management.  Updating the records of employees, and Maintain the employee data base.  Reports by Employee Id or Codes and Multiple overtime rules for multiple departments.  Muster roll, Paid and unpaid, Overtime, Pay Report, Transaction Log, Salary slip data, Leave balance & register etc Factories Act Statutory Skills have earned suitable experience in dealing with compliance matters of the following acts at multiple states.  Shops & Establishment Act  Contract Labour (R & A) Act   Employee Provident Fund & Miscellaneous provisions Act   Professional Tax Act  Minimum wages Act  Payment of Gratuity Act  Payment of Bonus Act  Payment of Wages Act  Employment Exchange Act  Apprentice / Child labour & Industrial Standin g Orders etc. Employee State Insurance Act Compensation and Personal Management  Maintain the Employees Personal Records  Providing HRMIS to Top management  Attendance & Leaves maintaining  Employee full and final settlement  Handling med claim & Accidental Policy for Employees. General Administration: I hold responsibility of Office Management  Rental Agreements  Power  UPS & Power Backups  Branch Communication  Management Queries  100% Management satisfaction  No Down times on any queries Professional Experience Name of the Company Designation Period Obgenix Software Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru Asst Manager HR Operations & Compliance Mar 2023 To Till Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd, Bengaluru Sr.Executive HR Operations & Compliance February 2016 to December 2021 Karma Management Consultants Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru Asst. Manager HR & Compliance October 2013 to September 2015 PeopleStrong Hr Services Pvt Ltd, Bengaluru Sr.Executive HR & Compliance November 2012 to September 2013 Education  B.com. Sri Siddhartha F G College Tumakuru Tumakuru University.  PUC. Mahatma Gandhi Pre University College Kunigal. Karnataka State Board  SSLC. Mahatma Gandhi Pre University College Kunigal. Karnataka State Board Request My Experience is Past. I am interested in my new role and how my skill set will help the new employer. Personal Information Name Father Name Date of Birth Marital Status References Present CTC Expected Availability Declaration : Muniswamy H B : Boraiah : 09-03-1988 : Married : Upon request : will provide necessary proofs : As per the norms : Maximum 1 month. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. Place: Bengaluru Date: (MUNISWAMY. H.B)