Aniket Raj +91 79797024295 | rjaniket30@gmaill.com (cid:239) Linked-in |  aniketraj30 EDUCATION  Manipal University, Jaipur Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science Engineering  GPA: 8.00 PROJECTS  Geriatric Patients: Innovative Medication Detection Solutions Sept 2021 - July 2025 Jaipur, India Jan 2024 [] Tools: Python, OpenCV, Flutter, MySQL  Developed a mobile application to empower seniors in independent medication management, utilizing camera-based recognition and audio guidance, and integrated machine learning models to enhance medication identification accuracy, contributing to improved user safety and adherence to prescribed regimens.  Engineered a robust medication recognition system using Python and OpenCV, resulting in a significant reduction of medication errors and enhancing overall user trust in the application.  Designed an intuitive UI with Flutter, ensuring ease of use and accessibility tailored to senior users.  Managed backend operations with MySQL, providing reliable data storage and retrieval to support a seamless user experience.  Initial Patient Assessment System Nov 2023- Feb 2024 [] Tools: MongoDB Atlas, MySQL, Node.js, Express, EJS, React  Led a team of 8 students at an international level to develop a web-based Initial Patient Assessment system, enhancing healthcare communication and efficiency, currently used by over 3,000 users globally.  Directed the full-stack development lifecycle, integrating user-centric features like an interactive chatbot, resulting in a 40% reduction in patient wait times and improved overall user satisfaction.  Engineered a scalable platform connecting patients with specialized doctors, significantly improving healthcare accessibility and streamlining patient intake, reducing manual processes by 60%.  Delivered a comprehensive web application with a robust tech stack, including Python, Flutter, and MySQL, optimizing user experience and automating key workflows, which led to a 50% increase in operational efficiency for healthcare providers. SKILLS  Programming Languages: Java, Python, C, C++,JavaScript  Web Technologies: HTML, CSS  Database Systems: MySQL, MongoDB  Frameworks: React, Node.js, Flask, JUnit, WordPress, TensorFlow, OpenCV, YOLO, Bootstrap, jQuery  DevOps & Version Control: Git, Github  IDE: VSCode, PyCharm, IntelliJ, Eclipse  Libraries: NumPy, Matplotlib PATENTS  Vaishali Chauhan, Aniket Raj, Aaditya Singh. 2024. ELDERAID AR: SMART GLASSES FOR MEDICATION AND GUARDIAN ALERTS. 202411056481 A, filed 25th June 2024 and issued 09th August, 2024. CERTIFICATIONS  Design and Analysis of Algorithms -IIT Madras  Database Foundations -Oracle Academy  Red Hat System Administration II (RH134) -Red Hat Training and Certification  Data Analysis with Python -IBM Cognitive Class  Cloud and Virtualization Concepts -VMware  AWS Cloud Fondational Certification- Demonstrated foundational knowledge of AWS Cloud concepts, services, and best practices.