NIKHIL RAJESH KUMAR VAISHYA 476, Nav Tarun Naik Nagar, Near Antop Hill Police Station Bit No. 3, S. M. Road, Sion Koliwada, Antop Hill Church, Mumbai - 400 037 9821441759 | nikhilvaishya88@gmail.com Objective To work in an environment which encourages me to succeed and grow professionally where I can utilize my skills and knowledge appropriately. Education Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College - Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Engineering - 8.96 CGPA (till Sem 5) Vivekanand Education Society's Polytechnic - Diploma in Computer Engineering - 92.86 Don Bosco High School, Matunga - SSC - 91.40 Experience 2022 - 2025 2019 - 2022 - 2019 DotMinds Intern - During my internship, I gained prociency in web development, successfully creating company webpages tailored to specic requirements. August 2021 - September 2021 Hat Infotech App Developer - I was hired as an assistant to a senior application developer. - My task were to develop some parts of the application using flutter and learn more about flutter application development from my seniors. - I was also, for a short period of time, working with the web development team. August 2022 - October 2022 Indian Development Foundation Software Engineer Intern - Developed a Web Application Project to provide jobs to women in remote areas - Developed the front end of this web application and helped in the backend - Technologies Used: Next.Js, Tailwind, React, PHP March 2023 - December 2023 Projects Health and Fitness App - Developed a comprehensive health and tness app designed to empower users to achieve their wellness goals. - The app offers personalized workout routines, nutritional tracking, progress monitoring, and motivational features to promote a healthy lifestyle. - Utilized user-friendly interface design and integrated data analytics to enhance user engagement and satisfaction. Student Management System - Engineered a student management system facilitating efcient administration and organization within educational institutions. - This system features modules for student enrollment, course scheduling, grades management, and reporting functionalities. - Implemented intuitive user interfaces and seamless integration with databases to streamline administrative tasks and enhance communication between faculty, students, and administrators. Edu-Venture - It is a flutter that is made to track students attendance. - It includes modules for attendance tracking, notes sharing, doubt solving, parents-teacher co-ordination, tests, etc. - Technologies used - Flutter, Firebase, Dart. Sui-DhaagaJi - A web application made for IDF to provide jobs for women in remote areas. - Technologies used - Next.Js, Tailwind, HTML, PHP. Skills Frontend Development Python Flutter Problem Solving Git C Programming Java Figma Firebase HTML JavaScript Achievements & Awards Technical Head at CSI SAKEC Graphics Co-Head at Alumni Association SAKEC Art Director for College Annual Magazine on VES Polytechnic Shreshtha Award at VES Polytechnic Interests Using and Learning new things on a Computer Programming Languages Read - English, Hindi, Marathi Speak - English, Hindi