Monish Banthia +91-8949036881  banthiamonish@gmail.com Jaipur , Rajasthan ,India-303007 Github Linkedin P R O F I L E A dedicated and self-motivated solutions developer. The developer is also technically-savvy and offers the ability to quickly learn new concepts, software, and technology. I'm excited to use my prior experience and growing knowledge in algorithm creation and analysis to support the expansion of a progressive business that is prepared to take on new challenges. S K I L L S .Python C++ HTML P R O J E C T S CSS (Bootstrap & TailwindCSS) JavaScript SQL AWS React-Redux DBMS FinTrack FinTrack is a personal finance tracker that helps users manage income, expenses, and balances with features like data visualization, transaction filtering, and CSV import/export. It was developed using React for the frontend, Firebase Authentication for user management, and Ant Design for UI, with React Toastify for notifications and CSV handling. May 2024 CryptoTracker Crypto Currency Tracker is a web application that allows users to compare and analyze the top 100 cryptocurrencies in real-time based on price, volume, and market cap, with interactive graphs. It was built using React for the frontend, ChartJS for data visualization, Axios for API calls, and the CoinGecko API to fetch cryptocurrency details. March 2024 NewsBash NewBash is a sleek news app developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, featuring a modern design and interactive elements. It offers an intuitive user interface for seamless browsing of news content. NOV 2023 A C H I E V E M E N T Finished in the top 5% of a Data Structure and Algorithm course test, outperforming more than 3000 other students. Received certification with a small group of over 1200 students, displaying remarkable problem- solving and algorithmic thinking skills. E D U C A T I O N C E R T I F I C A I O N S Manipal University Jaipur Btech in Information Technology CGPA - 8.7 SEP 2021 - 2025 Design And Analysis of Algorithms NPTEL - IIT MADRAS Bikaner Boys School 12th - 85.6% Bikaner Boys School 10th - 85% AWS Cloud Foundation AWS 2021 2019