SONALI CHAURASIA Imsonali30@gmail.com || +91 6386990041 || www.linkedin.com/in/sonali-chaurasiabb39b6251 || Sonebhadra, U.P. Skills Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript ,Java Technology and Database: HTM5, CSS, MySQL Coursework and Certifications: Data Structures and Algorithms,Object Oriented Programming ,Cloud Computing. Education DR. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, B. Tech Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology 8.00 SGPA- Pursuing Board of High school and Intermediate Education Uttar Pradesh, Intermediate Aditya Birla Intermediate College 86.2% Board of High school and Intermediate Education Uttar Pradesh, High School Aditya Birla Intermediate College 83% Project Work 2021  2025 | Greater Noida 03/2021| Renukoot 03/2019| Renukoot  ERP management system Developed a comprehensive ERP management system utilizing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to streamline business processes. Implemented intuitive user interfaces and interactive features to enhance user experience and efficiency.  Online voting system using java Developed an online voting system using Java, enabling secure and efficient electronic voting processes. Implemented robust authentication and encryption mechanisms to ensure data integrity and confidentiality  File storage system using hybrid cryptography Developed a secure file storage system integrating hybrid cryptography techniques for robust encryption ,decryption mechanisms. Implemented a blend of symmetric and asymmetric encryption algorithms to ensure data confidentiality and integrity. Designed to provide enhanced security measures for sensitive data storage and transfer. Loan analysis prediction using data analysis Utilized data analysis techniques to conduct predictive loan analysis, optimizing risk assessment and enhancing decision-making processes for lending institutions. Leveraged statistical models and machine learning algorithms to forecast default probabilities, streamline loan approval procedures, and mitigate potential financial risks. Work Experience 15/07/22 - 10/08/22 Hindalco Industries Limited Web Developer- Intern Renukoot, India collaborating with the IT team to implement new features, ensuring website functionality and performance, and contributing to a seamless online user experience. Additionally, involved in troubleshooting and resolving web-related issues. 02/2023-04/2023 CodeSoft JAVA Programming- Intern Remote Hands on learning and collaborating with the development team to enhance skills in JAVA based programming. The role involves gaining practical experience in JAVA programming and contributing to the company's online presence and projects. Achievements  Winner of Innovation to demonstrate Entrepreneurial Ability (I.D.E.A.) 2022  Winner of District level national children Science Congress -2019  Four Star in JAVA Programming on Hacker Rank Platform.  First position in National Children's Science Congress at District Level. Interest and hobbies  Travelling  Music  Technology Enthusiast