(cid:131) 9080016820 # gokulramesh033@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/gokul-ramesh-564b3b249/  github.com/cricgok GOKUL R EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Nov 2021  May 2025 CGPA: 8.99  Relevant Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms (Java), Object Oriented Programming, Computer Networks, Machine Learning, Operating Systems. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Python, Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SQL, C Developer Tools: VS Code, Eclipse, AWS, Android Studio Frameworks and Web Tools: Linux, Github, ReactJS, Git, NodeJS, Docker, TailwindCSS, Django EXPERIENCE Codsoft pvt ltd Web Developer Intern Nov 2023  Dec 2023  Contributed to various projects, enhancing proficiency in web development. Acquired skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and ReactJS, refining coding abilities, and gaining practical experience in front-end development. Learned about responsive design, web accessibility, and version control with Git. Aug 2023  Sep 2023 Oasis Infobyte Data Science Intern  Across all projects, achieved accuracies ranging from 75 to 98%, indicating robust performance in data analysis and predictive modeling tasks. Demonstrated consistent success in accurately classifying iris flower species, predicting sales prices, showcasing proficiency in various aspects of data science and machine learning techniques. PROJECTS Shopping Store: | ReactJS, MongoDB, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Material UI April 2024  This MERN stack e-commerce application allows users to browse, add to cart, and purchase products with Braintree payment processing. Admins can manage products, categories, and view orders. The tech stack includes React, Material-UI, Node.js, Express, MongoDB.  Implemented advanced search functionality allowing users to find products based on categories, price range, and ratings. Built a secure user authentication system with JWT for user login, registration, and role-based access control. GitHub Bite Buddy: | ReactJS, ViteJS, MongoDB, NodeJS, ExpressJS  Developed a MERN stack food delivery application enabling users to search and order food from specific restaurants, with May 2024 secure Stripe payment integration. Implemented features such as order tracking, order history, and a dedicated admin page to manage products, categories, and orders. GitHub Become Programmer | ReactJS, MySQL, NodeJS  Developed a web application, DSA ToDO Solver, to track progress and manage a list of solved problems in Data Structures Feb 2024 and Algorithms (DSA).  Implemented using ReactJS for user interface and functionality, providing features to track progress, manage problem-solving status, and maintain a list of solved problems. GitHub VaxEase | ReactJS, MySQL, NodeJS Jan 2024  Developed a web application for COVID vaccine slot booking, enabling users to book slots and receive confirmation emails for successfully booked slots.  Implemented features to generate tokens for slots with user-selected time and date, along with user data validation. Hosted the application on Render and AWS. GitHub CERTIFICATIONS Complete Machine Learning and Data Science BootCamp-2023 Certificate Responsive Website Basics: Code with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript Certificate Cisco Certified Network Associate Certificate COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING Finalist in Internal College Codathon [H@CIT-2024] - Feb 2024 - Mar 2024 400+ Problems in Leetcode and actively participating in weekly contests with a rating of 1500. 300+ Problems in Codechef and actively participating in weekly contests with a rating of 807. 50+ Problems in CodeForces and actively participating in weekly contests with a rating of 858. 50+ Problems in Coding Ninjas and actively participating in weekly contests with a rating of 1723.