Sukriti Maurya (+91)8840279978 | sukritimaurya.fzd@gmail.com | Linkedin | Github | Leetcode | Hashnode Education Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam Technical University, Lucknow, India Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science and Engineering Lucknow Public School, Lucknow, India CBSE Board Experience 2020  2024 CGPA 8.18 2017  2019 Percentage 92.2% Quality Assurance Engineer Intern Amazon Jan 2024  Jun 2024 Chennai, India  Collaborated with the Device OS team to conduct extensive test execution and debugging across various Bluetooth profiles on Amazon devices, ensuring high-quality performance and reliability.  Automated 12 test cases for Bluetooth profile MAP(Message Access Profile) to streamline the testing process reducing manual testing time by 75% and increasing overall testing efficiency. by 40%.  Created a comprehensive test plan with 56 test cases, both functional and non-functional, for an internal AI tool to ensure comprehensive coverage and effective testing of new features and functionalities.  Technology Used: Python. Backend Developer Intern Engineer Hub Aug 2022  Feb 2023 Remote  Architected and implemented a new backend system serving over 5,000 students with educational resources, courses, magazines, events, mentors, and other opportunities.  Improved code quality and reliability by implementing unit testing and code coverage and continuous integration and deployment, resulting in a 20% decrease in production bugs.  Conducted code reviews for 80% of the backend codebase, ensuring consistency and readability across the site.  Technology Used: NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Mongoose, AWS S3 and EC2. Full Stack Developer Intern Property Bhavan Aug 2022  Oct 2022 Remote  Built RESTful APIs for user authentication, property listing, search, and booking and implemented best practices like proper error handling and security, resulting in a 30% enhancement in API performance.  Improved the frontend of the platform resulting in enhanced user experience, that led to a 25% increase in mobile traffic.  Technology Used: NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Mongoose, ReactJS, Digital Ocean. Projects Exam Portal | ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Mongoose Github Link  Implemented an Exam Portal to serve as a recruitment test for students, with approximately 400 students appearing for it.  Devised a user-friendly interface for displaying questions, where users were required to select correct answers within a specific time limit.  Engineered APIs for seamless registration, login, instruction, test, and feedback. Scholar Pad | NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Mongoose Github Link  Created backend of ScholarPad, a web-based platform that matches students with relevant scholarships based on criteria such as academic performance, gender, age, and other factors.  Designed filtering system to sort scholarship data resulting in 70% faster search. Technical Skills Languages Frameworks & Databases Tools & Technologies Additional Coursework C++, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MySQL, MongoDB. Git, Linux, AWS, Postman, Jira, Confluence, VS Code. Agile Methodologies, Shell Scripting, Knowledge of SDLC and STLC. Data Structures & Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System, Computer Network. Community And Achievements  Won the 2nd runner up position in UPES-Hackathon 7.0 and built an innovative ML model that determines a users age, gender, and live location and suggest various pension schemes to them accordingly.  Completed Keploy API fellowship.  Microsoft Learn Student Ambassadors (Beta).  Top contributor at open source program Girlscript Summer of Code (GSSoC22).  Mentor at Social Summer of Code (SSoC22).  Backend Developer and UX/UI Designer at the technical society of college, Computer Society Of India.