Arshnoor Singh l Software Engineer (cid:131) 9667051037 # arshnoorsinghkairon@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/ask28 (cid:160) Professional Profile Solved Over 120 Questions on hacker rank and Leetcode. A highly skilled Software Engineer, eager to work with compassionately. I have learned about a lot of technologies like React, Node SQL, etc. A dedicated professional committed to work-ing globally. I am a Software Engineer who cherishes consistency.I plan my time according to the load of projects I have and so reach goals on time.  Here is my Leetcode Profile r Work Experience Bharat Electronics Ltd. June 2022 - Sept 2022: Backend Developer My main task was the implementation of SQL local database using the Apache server and PHPMyAdmin. I used SQL and PHP to make them work together. I managed the data and the queries that were entered by the user into the project. [ Projects Security Dashboard jun - 2022 to sept - 2022 Made while I was working at Bharat Electronics. A dashboard to manage the various security parameters that are used by the Indian army on their bases in various locations across India. it is actively used in their system to manage the parameters. # Here is the Drive link to the project : Involved tailwind CSS and react to build ThreeJs portfolio it is a Site where you can find a whole new world of 3D models mixed with the front-end design that used useState, UseAnimations, Tailwind CSS, Canvas etc. to build it from scratch it is the online portfolio that I made to implement certain backend calls using firebase to store the emails of the people who interacted with me and then tell them about myself. # Here is the link to the Website (cid:135) Education Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Computer Science and Product Engineering with a score of 8.7 CGPA. 2020 - present: Bachelor Of Technology in 2008-2020: 1 std. - 12std. Guru Harkrishan Public School I studied Designing as an extra Activity for 10 years and gained the essential knowledge that is important for one to have while scoring a respective score of 80 (cid:212) Skills  JavaScript, C++, MERN Stack.  Problem-solving skills  DSA.  PHP, SQL, ThreeJS.