Aditya Kumar Singh Gama 1, Greater Noida, Gautam Budh Nagar (cid:131) 8000868197 # adityakumarsingh84260@gmail.com (cid:239) aditya-kumar-singh-607100241  Aditya9103 (cid:18) Summary Enthusiastic Computer Science student with a solid foundation in programming, algorithms, and data structures. Proficient in Java ,MERN stack . Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for learning and adapting to new technologies. Currently seeking opportunities to apply academic knowledge in a practical setting and contribute effectively to innovative projects Technical Skills Programming Languages: Java (DSA), JavaScript, Python, SQL, HTML/CSS Web Development:React.js, Next.js, Node.js, Express.js, Redux Toolkit, Tailwind, DOM Development Tools:Git, VSCode, Cloud Computing Projects Learning Management System (LMS) | Mern stack Visit | Code , October 2023  Developed a comprehensive LMS enabling online learning with features such as user authentication, course management, and content delivery.  Implemented role-based access control for students, instructors, and admins to manage content and users.  Integrated JWT for secure token-based authentication and Redux Toolkit for state management. Multiple Diseases Prediction System | Machine Learning, Streamlit Visit | Code , January 2024  Built a web app that predicts multiple diseases (Diabetes, Parkinsons, Heart disease, Breast cancer) based on user input features.  Used Streamlit for the frontend interface, implemented various machine learning algorithms for accurate prediction models. POKEDEX | React Visit | Code , April 2023  Created a web application that allows users to search for Pokemon and view detailed stats using the PokeAPI.  Designed and styled the UI with React.js and CSS for a smooth, responsive user experience. Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology,Greater Noida Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science 12th Indra Gandhi Shivnath Singh college Gopalganj 10th UMS bhagwanpur gopalganj Experience Sep. 2021  present 7.45 CGPA May. 2018  May 2020 May. 2016  May 2018  Created full-stack websites using the MERN stack Technology, utilizing MongoDB, Express.js, Node.js for backend Part, and React.js for the frontend Part .  Progressively solving data structures and algorithm problems on platforms like LeetCode and and Codeforces, primarily using JAVA .  Continuously learning and creating mini-projects, which can be found on my GitHub account . Achievements  solve 150 LeetCode problems  Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation certified by Google Cloud (CourseEra). Link