Dev Patel +91 9328346817 mailTo: DevKPatel | LinkedIn : DevKPatel | Github : DevKPatel EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur (2021  2025) Btech. In Information Technology ( cum. Cgpa :- 8.69 ) SKILLS  Programming Skills: Python, JavaScript, Java, C  Cloud Platforms: AWS  Database: MySQL, MongoDB  Cloud Services: AWS EC2, Redshift, Lambda, S3, VPC  DevOps Tools: Docker  Web Technologies/ Frameworks: HTML5, CSS, React.js, Django  Other Tools: Git, Github TECHNICAL PROJECTS Social Media Web App (Django)  Developed a social media app featuring sign-up functionality and user management. Users can upload posts  and interact with them. Insights were gained on handling routes and managing users. Ecommerce Site (Django)  Designing and developing a comprehensive e-commerce platform, advanced card management was included  seamless integration of dynamic pagination, reducing page load times by 50%, and the addition of robust search capabilities News Monkey (React)  API key functionality was integrated into the news aggregation system  a dynamic news feed, granting users access to an impressive 40% more information. MI Store Clone (React)  Engaged in an evolving project that dynamically retrieves products and having additional features. INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE Pratinik Infotech  Web Dev May-July, 2024  Developed an Advance Portfolio Website using HTML, CSS & JS while keeping the companys requirements and layout design.  User friendly and interactive web page for seamless user experience.  Collaborated with the other team members to improve the efficiency and reloading speed of the web page CERTIFICATES  AWS Cloud Foundational Certification  VMWare Cloud Certification  Machine Learning with Python Certification LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE ECO TECH EMPIRE MUJ (Treasurer)  With the guidance of my professor and my clubs president, learnt how to mange and handle clubs funds/ treasuries and also that how to constantly learn and grow as a team.  Organized two successful webinars for all those students who were passionate above the new upcoming advanced technologies.