Customer Support Team Attendance Policy: CRM Team 1. Attendance Metrics:  Talk Time: o Minimum of 4 hours of talk time per day.  Connected Calls: o Minimum of 60 connected calls per day.  Dialled Calls: o Exception: Connected calls include dialled calls that are not answered. 2. Callbacks:  Callbacks must be scheduled and completed at the specified time without fail. 3. Daily Responsibilities:  Ensure all metrics (talk time, connected calls, dialled calls) are met.  Maintain accurate records of calls .  Adhere to callback schedules strictly. 4. Exceptions and Reporting:  Any exceptions or deviations from the attendance policy must be reported to the team lead / Manager immediately on your official WhatsApp groups.  Team members must provide a reason for not meeting the required metrics and propose a plan to meet them in the future.  Attendance can be regulated only once the Manager is satisfied with the reason provided for non-completion of the targets 5. Adherence to Policy:  Strict adherence to this attendance policy is mandatory.  Repeated failure to meet the attendance metrics and responsibilities will result in disciplinary action. Attendance Policy for Sales Team 1. Daily Call Time Requirement: o Sales team members are required to spend a minimum of 2.5 hours daily on call ac9vi9es. 2. Connected Call Targets: o Each sales representa9ve must achieve at least 40 connected calls per day. 3. Talk time Monitoring: o Daily talk 9me should be monitored and should meet the target set by the team leader or Manager. 4. Dialled Calls vs. Connected Calls: o Excep9ons for connected call targets may be considered if there are a signicant number of dialled calls without successful connec9ons. Such instances should be reported to the Team Lead / Manager. 5. Missed Calls Protocol: o All missed calls must be returned before leaving for the day. Ensure that the callback is made promptly and documented. o AIendance can be regulated only once the Manager is sa9sed with the reason provided for non-comple9on of the targets 6. WhatsApp Chat Interactions: o All WhatsApp chat interac9ons related to sales or others must be replied to before leaving for the day. 7. Customer Callback Adherence: o Callbacks scheduled in the Sales system must be completed at the designated 9me. Team members are required to adhere to these scheduled callbacks diligently. 8. Exceptions and Reporting: o Any devia9ons or excep9ons to the above policy should be reported to the team leader or Manager immediately, along with valid reasons. 9. Attendance Tracking: o AIendance, including call 9me, connected calls, and callback adherence, will be monitored regularly and discussed during performance reviews.