Mayank Jain Junior at Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University I love learning new things and am always on the lookout for new opportunities to develop and grow within my role, whether thats learning new skills, taking on a new project or collaborating with other departments.Im a positive person who likes to excel at what I do, and I think the best way to do that is to constantly challenge myself to learn as much as I can and to perform to the best of my abilities every day. Mayankjain4183@gmail.com +91 99535 65537 New Delhi, India github.com/mayankjain4183 linkedin.com/in/mayank-jain-18440920b EDUCATION SKILLS Class 10th Swami Hariharanand public school 06/2018, Computer science Diploma Guru Nanak Dev institute of technology 06/2021, 74% 72% Leadership MS Excel MS Word Object oriented programming Java Html Css Javascript Bootstrap Dbms SQL Operating systems Python Machine learning LANGUAGES English Full Professional Prociency Hindi Native or Bilingual Prociency INTERESTS Gaming Music Writing Theatre Courses I have completed three years diploma in Computer science engineering and have explored and learnt various frameworks like python, HTML, Reactjs, Javascript, etc. Computer Science Engineering Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University 06/2024, 8.38 PERSONAL PROJECTS Arcade-games I tried to build arcade games using html, css, java scripts which includes memory game shooter and tick tac toe among other games. Gym-management-system Built a gym management system using html, css, java script, & bootstrap. It allows the users one stop solution, to manage and browse through all the possible options available as well as choose the desired weight training model. We also have customer reviews on the website for better customer satisfaction. Trading bot Attempted to make a trading bot using bun and typescript. The bot continuously monitors the order books on both exchanges for the specied trading pair. Calculates the best bid and best ask price. real time chat module Developed in Node.js with WebSocket, this simple chat application enables users to join custom rooms, send messages, and upvote content. Admins can create rooms, set properties, and receive alerts when messages exceed upvote thresholds, fostering interactive and organized real-time communication leetcode-clone Developed in Node.js with WebSocket, this simple chat application enables users to join custom rooms, send messages, and upvote content. Admins can create rooms, set properties, and receive alerts when messages exceed upvote thresholds, fostering interactive and organized real-time communication