Runar Eiji Blockchain and Web3 Developer ej.runa@gmail.com +4745410008 Oslo, Norway Profile High skilled and dedicated Blockchain/web3 developer with 5+ years of experience in developing Web3 & Smart Contract applications using Solidity, Rust, Web3.js, etc. Can be promptly adapted to new technologies and likes to develop high-quality codes in a fast-paced development environment. Committed to staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends and technologies, seeking for a challenging role where I can utilize my expertise to drive business growth and success in the exciting field of blockchain technology. Professional Experience Blockchain and Web3 Developer Protofire Feb 2021  Dec 2023 | California, US all utilizes Tendermint and a permissionless validator network, Was in charge of a team of 4 and managed the team's day-to-day operations, ensuring timely delivery of high-quality projects. Involved in the development of solving vertical scalability of a Layer-1 blockchain Inter-blockchain Communication Consensus, platform that Protocol powered by Cosmos (IBC), sdk(Golang). Developed, tested and deployed Defi, Dex and NFT marketplace and other dApps using Solidity, Cosmwasm. Composed web3 frontend pages using React.js, Next.js, Javascript, Typescript, Web3.js and Ethers.js. Participated in smart contract testing and audits using MythX, Slither to ensure their security and functionality. Took part in the development of SSI wallet using Privado.iD sdk that is based on Zero Knowledge Proofs(zkSNARK) and various modules. Designed and developed account abstraction wallets for social recovery and gasless transaction using ERC-4337 standard and EIP-712. Used ERC-20, utility tokens, NFT development and tokenized yield-bearing vaults. Crafted comprehensive sets of test cases, encompassing unit tests, end-to-end tests and fuzz tests for smart contracts and other web applications, utilizing a range of testing frameworks such as Jest, Echidna and others. ERC-4626 token standards for creating ERC-721A, ERC-1155, ERC-721, Blockchain Developer Joystream Apr 2018  Nov 2020 | Oslo, Norway Designed, developed, and deployed multiple complex Ethereum-based smart contracts using Solidity. Leveraged IPFS to securely store and distribute immutable data, enhancing the reliability and integrity of decentralized applications. Leveraged OpenZeppelin libraries for industry-standard security and best practices. Built robust front-end interfaces using React.js and web3.js to interact seamlessly with smart contracts. Collaborated with the UX/UI team to enhance usability and user flow within the DApps. Conducted extensive unit testing and integration testing to ensure the correctness and reliability of smart contracts. Employed various testing frameworks such as Hardhat and Foundry for smart contract development, deployment and debugging. Possess expertise in deploying and managing upgradeable contracts, including familiarity with UUPSProxy, Beacon Proxy and Transparent Proxy methodologies. Performed code audits and security assessments to identify and mitigate potential vulnerabilities. Education Bachelor's Degree of Computer Science Nord University Skills Oct 2014  Mar 2018 Languages Javascript, Typescript, Solidity, Golang, Rust Blockchain Frameworks and Libraries web3.js, ethers.js, Cosmos SDK, Truffle, Hardhat, OpenZeppelin Ethereum Standards ERC20, ERC721, ERC1155, ERC4337, EIPs Frontend Technologies HTML, SCSS, Ant Design, Material UI, Tailwind CSS, React.js, Redux, Next.js Backend Technologies Node.js, Express.js Test Technologies Jest, Cypress, Mocha Other Agile Methodologies, TDD(Test Driven Development), DDD(Domain Driven Development), Cryptography, Bitcoin, Zero Knowledge(zkSNARK), DeFi, Solana, Polygon, Polkadot, Hyperledger Databases MySQL, MongoDB DevOps Docker, Kubernetes, AWS(Amazon Web Services), Git, GitLab, Jira, Jenkins