CURRICULUM VITAE Shilaben Sadat At Bhiloda Arvalli Gujarat Phone: +91 9913288135 E-Mail: shila.sadat24@gmail.com CAREER OBJECTIVE Professional with 15.6 Years work experience in HR the areas of Operations, Projects and General Management shared my skills, values with the organization and worked towards individual as well as organizational growth. PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth Sex Language Known Nationality Hobbies Marital Status : Married. : January 24, 1983 : Female : English, Hindi, Gujarati. : Indian : Listening Music POST GRADUATION Master of Business Administration April, 2009 ICFAI National College V.V. Nagar Dehradun University. [Final Aggregate = 56%] GRADUATION Bachelor of Arts (with English) Hemchandra charya Arts & Commerce College Ider, North Gujarat University, Patan [Final Year Aggregate 50%] Pre-Degree I had Passed 12th Arts in March-2000 at Mahavirshiji High School Vijayanagar with 62.50 % I had Passed 10th in March-1998 at St. Marys High School Saroli, Vijayanagar with 59.14% Projects M.B.A: SUMMER TRAINING.  Name of the Company: Vadilal Industries LTD  Duration: 4 Months  Responsibility: Resume search from Job portals, Data entry resume information in Vadilal on line system, participated in Walk in Interviews, Administering Aptitude Test, Sending Interview calls through Email & telephonically, Arranging Interviews, Coordination of Interview Committee  Achievements: Filed 15 positions in 4 months Appreciated by the organization for highest selection within the span. PROJECT:  Status of recruitment system in manufacturing company in Vadilal Industries at Ahmadabad in Semester 3rd  A comparative study on the retention practices adopted by Azure Knowledge Center, Motif India Pvt.Ltd. Aegis BPO and its impact on employee Loyalty at Ahmadabad in Semester 4th COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE: MS Office EXPERIENCE:  Worked with Rachna Air Components Pvt.Ltd Ahemedabad as a Purchase officer. Form April 2009 to December 2009.  Currently Working with RuralShores Business Pvt. Ltd (BPO) since 2009 to till date working as AM -HR as Generic HR. Areas of Expertise:  Human Resources Management HR Responsibility handling currently as below  HR Operations and Employee Life Cycle.  Performance Appraisal activities.  Attendance and Leave Modules.  Employee Database Updating.  Ensuring Joining & Exit formalities.  Team Management.  On-boarding & Induction, Attrition,  Rewards & Recognition.  Good verbal & written communication skills.  Employee Training & Development programmers  Employee Engagement activities  Grievance handling of the employees.  ER activity  Process Payroll, PF, F&F ESI Gratuity process and statutory deduction & payments. Income tax calculation. Arranging events & staff welfare activities. Ensure healthy atmosphere in the company.    RESPONSIBILITY  Worked as Sr. Process Leader from 21st Dec 2009 to Dec.2012 with RuralShores Business Pvt. Ltd on spot rental process for Ernest & Young Pvt ltd for four geographical regions Delhi, Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore.  Time to time Briefings with Team.  Always updated with any changes in processes of Related Profile.  Trained to agents, Managing Team Maintaining MIS report  Maintaining SLA as per terms and condition providing error free reports to the client.  Analyze areas of improvement, prepare action plan and implementation.  Providing relevant feedback to the team in case of any deviation from the standard procedure.  Providing the feedback to the management for further improvement in the process.  Preparing Quality/businesses reports and sharing the same with Manager/client on weekly basis. Details of Educational Qualifications: a. Post-Graduation: Passed the MBA Degree Examination from ICFAI VV Nagar Dehradun University, in Second Class with HR Management & Marketing Management as the area of specialization. Was awarded the Best Outgoing Student Prize in the MBA Class. Awarded Good performer of the year from 2015 to 2016 Awarded Good performer of the year from 2016 to 2017. Awarded Good performer of the year from 2017 to 2018 Awarded Good performer of the year from 2019 to 2020. Awarded Good performer of the year from 2022 to 2023. DECLARATION: I hereby declare that the information provided by me is of my best knowledge and belief. Place: Bangalore Date: 15/07/2024 SHILA S