Amit kishor Amit kishor Satish Colony, Fatehabad(125050), Haryanan +91 -8264271165 | amit01kishor@gmail.com  Skills  Experience OBJECTIVE: A self-motivated IT professional Mern Developer to make a direct impact on the companys business. To give my best performance and to bring glory to the organization that gives me scope to update my skills according to the latest trends. Node.js , JavaScript , MongoDB, React.js, MySQL , Express js , jquery , PHP ,CMS(Wordpress) , Angular, Rest APIs, Git, VSCode CodingByts / Backend(node)developer/React Oct 2022 Present Mohali (Punjab) Developed server-side applications using Node.js, ensuring efficient handling of client requests and data processing. Collaborated with front-end developers to integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic, enhancing overall application performance. Built and maintained RESTful APIs, facilitating seamless communication between different components of the application. Implemented data storage solutions using databases like SQL, ensuring data integrity and accessibility. Rcubinity Soft Pvt. Ltd. / Angular developer Oct 2020 - Oct 2022 Mohali (Punjab) Developed and maintained dynamic web applications using Angular, ensuring responsive and efficient user experiences. Implemented new features and user interfaces using Angular, HTML, and CSS, contributing to a seamless user journey. Collaborated with team members to debug issues and optimize performance, enhancing the overall functionality of the application. Cyber Puzzle Net / Wordpress/php March 2020 - Oct 2020 Mohali (Punjab) Design complex WordPress solutions for both back-end and front-end development to establish and guide website architecture and functionality. Collaborate with clients to develop site-map guidelines and requirements, ensuring the capture of content, features, and functionality for effective site development. Created custom mobile-friendly WordPress templates and themes to align with clients' design and branding needs. Leon word Wide/ Wordpress/php June 2019 - feb 2020 Mohali (Punjab) Design complex WordPress solutions for both back-end and front-end development to establish and guide website architecture and functionality. Collaborate with clients to develop site-map guidelines and requirements, ensuring the capture of content, features, and functionality for effective site development. MediaOncloud / Php Sep 2018 - May 2019, Mohali(Punjab)  Projects Booking Restaurant Developed and maintained an admin restaurant booking API to streamline reservation management processes. Presently working in http://18.188.121.46/elitenimadmin/public/home E-Commerce(Live) Developed and maintained eCommerce platforms, ensuring robust functionality and user-friendly interfaces https://happylyfe.in.th/  Education Hindu College Sonepat/ Bachelors Degree March 2014, Sonepat Haryana Bachelor of Information Technology