DEVDATTA RAORANE +91 9324387392 devdattaraorane607@gmail.com  LinkedIn  Github OBJECTIVE Passionate student with industrious and systematic approach towards learning new skills. Open and team player with discipline execution and methodical nature. Extensive knowledge of soft and software skills. EDUCATION A.C. Patil College of Engineering B. E. in Information Technology St John Junior College HSC: 84.00 Shreeram Vidyalaya SSC: 88.00 SKILLS 2021-2025 8.56/10.00 CGPA (till 6th Sem) 2021 2019 Languages Technologies/Frameworks Developer Tools Java, Python, JavaScript, SQL React, Bootstrap, MongoDB VS Code, Github, Eclipse PROJECTS Real Time Sports Player Auction Developed a real-time sports player auction platform using React.js,MongoDB, NodeJS enabling dynamic bidding and live updates for users. Implemented features for real-time notifications, bid tracking, and intuitive user interface, enhancing the auction experience. Time Table Generator Developed a Time Table Generator for college teachers. The application features a user-friendly interface that allows for easy input of courses, teachers, and available time slots. It automatically generates optimized schedules, ensuring no conflicts and balanced workloads. The design is responsive, ensuring usability across different devices. The project aims to streamline the scheduling process, saving time and reducing errors in timetable creation E-Learning Platform Developed a robust E-learning platform using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The platform features a responsive design for seamless use, interactive elements to enhance user engagement, and organized course content for easy navigation. Implemented user authentication and progress tracking to provide a personalized learning experience and monitor student performance effectively. POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITIES Computer Society of India (CSI)  Vice President August 2023 - May 2024 A. C. Patil College  Conducted events, seminars, and developer talks in different technical domains which impacted over 100+ students