Omkar Geedh Mumbai, Maharashtra (cid:131) +91 7506770678 # omkar.geedh01@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/omkar-geedh Education Lokmanya Tilak College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai B.E. Computer Science and Engineering (IoT, Cyber Security incld. Blockchain Technology) August 2021 - May 2024 CGPA of 7.2 Vidyalankar Polytechnic, Mumbai Diploma in Computer Engineering Experience August 2017 - June 2021 Passed with 90% Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai Software Development Engineer Intern May 2019  July 2019 Mumbai, India (on site)  I developed both the backend and frontend of an online student reimbursement form specifically implemented for TIFR (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research), enhancing the institutions efficiency in processing reimbursement requests. Technical Skills Languages: C++, Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Python Libraries: ReactJS, MongoDB, NodeJS, React Native Database: MongoDB, MySQL Relevant Course work: Data Structures and Algorithms, Blockchain, Cyber Security, Machine Learning Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Self-Learning, Presentation, Communication Projects Video Streaming Website | MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS, Firebase This platform is introduced for video streaming, allowing users to watch videos, express preferences through likes or dislikes, comment on videos, and subscribe to channels. 4 The application utilizes MongoDB for database management, Firebase to store video and image assets, and a technology stack featuring Node.js with Express.js for the backend, complemented by ReactJS for the frontend interface. Food Delivery App | React Native, Firebase, Razorpay, NodeJS This app is designed for a food delivery app, allowing users to order food from their favourite nearby restaurants. Developed a cross-platform app using React Native, integrating Firebase for efficient image storage and user authentication, and Razorpay for handling payments. 4 Achievements  Collaborated with a cross-functional team to develop an innovative solution during the Smart India Hackathon 2023; selected at the institute level for exceptional problem-solving skills and innovative thinking.  Achieved 1st place in the CSESA, LTCE 2023 Hackathon where more than 300 participated.  Selected for Aviskar 2023 hosted by Mumbai University.  Solved more than 100+ problems across platforms. Profile Links  LinkedIn  GitHub  Portfolio