Tarush Batra GitHub Profile LinkedIn Profile Education Manipal University Jaipur BTech. Computer Science and Engineering  GPA:6.5/10 Skills tarushbatra11318@gmail.com +91-8178484310 August 2021 - May 2025 Programming languages: Python, C++, C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java Frameworks and Libraries: PyGame, Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, Flask, JQuery, Node.js, Express.js, EJS,Asp.Net, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, OAuth, Passport.js Experience Incedo Inc. | Financial Services Intern May 2023  July 2023  Developed an scalable, dynamic, and efficient web application about a Book Store using Asp.Net.  Optained experience and expertise in Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of computer software application systems. DXC Technology India Private Limited | Technical Intern July 2023  August 2023  Developed an scalable, dynamic, and efficient web application about a Food Shopping using Asp.Net.  Optained experience and expertise in Analysis, Design, Development and Testing of computer software application systems. Q3 Infotech Pvt. Ltd.| Technical Intern June 2024  July 2024  Developed a Text Summarizer application that efficiently extracts the main points from large volumes of text using python, providing concise summaries to save users time.  Achieved high relevance and coherence in summaries through machine learning techniques. Projects Weather App  Developed a dynamic website leveraging the OpenWeatherMap API to provide real-time weather data for user-specified locations. The site is designed to retrieve and display temperature, humidity, and wind speed information. Text-Summarizer  Developed a Text Summarizer application that efficiently extracts the main points from large volumes of text, providing concise summaries to save users time. Online Book Store  Developed a dynamic Online Book Store using ASP.NET MVC framework, integrating user registration, book catalog management, shopping cart, secure checkout, order processing, payment gateway integration, and admin panel for inventory and order management. Utilized technologies including ASP.NET MVC, Entity Framework, SQL Server, HTML/CSS/JavaScript, and Payment Gateway API. Enhanced user experience, improved inventory management, facilitated secure transactions, and generated business insights. Co-curricular Activities Estrella : The Astronomy Club | Senior Member  Support the team in planning Starry Night Event and prepared the questionnaire for Treasure Hunt Aug 2023 Techideate23 | Core Committee Member  Helped in planning technical events like Hackathon and Robowars for Manipal University Jaipurs Technical Fest. March 2023