SHRUTI SHRIDHAR DANTALA shruti.dantala15556@sakec.ac.in | +919870650920| GitHub | LINKEDIN Education Shah and anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai  Branch-Cyber Security| CGPA: 8.94 (Till 6th Semester) Wilson College, Mumbai  HSC(Class XII),Percentage-62.62% I.E.S Modern English School, Mumbai  SSC (Class X), Percentage  81.20% Skills Proficient - Core Java, SQL. Familiar with - Python | HTML | CSS | Data Science | JavaScript | Mongo DB | SQL | Oracle | AWS 2020-2024(expected) 2018 - 2019 2016- 2017 Familiar courses  Database Management System, Operating System,Object Oriented Programming, Cloud Computing. Internship Through College NTIRT, NTRDC & Crime Free Bharat | NTRDC project Intern Project- Enhancing the strategies for resolving crimes in the police  Under NTRDC & National threat intelligence response team, India. SISTMR Australia Virtual Industry Project Internship Program | Intern  Virtual cyber security Industry internship in association with VPKBIET, India. Senselearner Technologies Pvt. Ltd | Cybersecurity intern Project- Various miniprojects involving usage of cyber security skills and gain knowledge Projects Ace Guard || Encryption Decryption of text and images An interface that provides an enhanced security by encrypting and decrypting of text and images. Uses AES: Advanced Encryption Decryption operations for users and chats  Using Core Java and Apache NEtbeans.  MySQL is used for the database.  Cryptography i.e Symmetric type of key used. Bruteware || Bruteforce attack prevention Web application that is resistant to Brute force attack  Frontend using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  Backend using PHP for setting limits on number of attempts made.  MySQL for database where we will store our correct credentials and logs. Finter || A file integrity monitoring tool A tool that focuses on maintaining the CIA triads of data.  Frontend, Visualization using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.  Backend using Python and its libraries matplotlib, watchdog.  Postgresql database to log events occurring.  In-collaboration with industry expert i.e Cyber Secured India Sept21 - Feb22 Feb22 - Mar22 June23 - July23 Nov21 May22 May23 Log Analysis Tool Build a tool that collects and analyzes system logs from various sources, such as operating systems, applications, and network devices that helps identify suspicious activities, generate reports on security events, and assist in incident response.  Backend using Java.  Tools such as ELK stack, Kibana, Docker  HTML, CSS, JS for frontend  In-collaboration with industry expert i.e Centre of Excellence (Coe) July23 Hobbies  Carrom  Movies  Social Activitites Languages  English, Marathi, Hindi, Telugu