Smeet Lodaya B.E. Information Technology Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College,Mumbai Education  Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College,Mumbai  Higher Secondary School (C.B.S.E) Gurukul English School (C.B.S.E)  Secondary School (I.C.S.E) St. Anns School (I.C.S.E) Personal Projects +91-7666250533 DarkPhe0niX Smeet-Lodaya Smeet Lodaya 2021-25 CGPA: 8.01 2020-21 XIIth - 84 2006-2019 Xth - 82.1  Web Based Streaming Platform(Netflix) Developed a Netflix clone web application using MERN stack to mimic the core functionality of Netflix.     Implemented user authentication using JWT (JSON Web Tokens) for secure login and registration Integrated a video streaming feature using React.js and a custom video player component. Designed and developed a recommendation engine based on user viewing history and preferences, improving user engagement. Technology Used: JavaScript, Reactjs, Redux, MERN.  Realtime Chat App A react based web application which allow users to chat in real time.    Designed and implemented the frontend UI/UX using React.js, including chat rooms, message threads, and user profiles. Integrated Socket.io for real-time communication, allowing instant message delivery and live updates. Technology Used: JavaScript, Socket.io, MERN, JWT.  Facial Emotion Recognition and Detection A system to accurately detect and recognize human emotions using advanced machine learning    Designed and implemented Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture tailored for facial emotion recognition. Integrated OpenCV and Dlib libraries for real-time emotion detection from video streams Technology Used: Python, Jupyter Notebook,Keras, OpenCV, Dlib.  Food Ordering Platform A react based web application which allow users to order food from local restaurants,place orders and track deliveries.    Designed and implemented the frontend UI/UX using React.js, including user profiles,Restaurant page and menu listings. Integrated Socket.io for real-time updates and payments, allowing instant delivery details and live updates. Technology Used: JavaScript, MERN, JWT. Experience  AIML Internship ACM-Intern     In-depth understanding of AIML Algoritms, including Logistic Regression, Random Forest, KNN, SVM and more Successfully designed and implemented a robust score prediction system, demonstrating proficiency in AI/ML concepts. Achieved RMSE of 85 percent on test data, showcasing the effectiveness of the predictive model. Collaborated with a team to collect and preprocess data, ensuring the quality and relevance of input features. Technical Skills and Interests : C/C++, Java, Javascript, HTML+CSS : Nodejs, VScode, Git, Github Languages Web Dev Tools Frameworks Cloud/Databases Areas of Interest Soft Skills : ReactJs :MongoDb, Firebase. : Web Design and Development, Data Structures & Algorithm. : Problem Solving, Self-learning, Presentation, Adaptability Positions of Responsibility  Google Developer Student Clubs (GDSC) Core Team   Coordinated hackathons and coding competitions, fostering a culture of innovation and collaboration among students. Skills Developed: Event planning, Team Management and Coordination.