Tejasvi Vaish LinkedIn(+91)9970161990 tejasvvaish21@gmail.com Greater Noida,U.P. Education  Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology , Greater Noida Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science ) -CGPA: 6.67/10  Sou.Venutai Chavan polytechnic-Sinhgad College, Pune Diploma in Computer Science74.00%  Ma Saraswati Gyan Mandir, Sitapur Uttar Pradesh Higher Secondary-77.5% WorkExperience Internship Trainee at Internshala  May 2023 Mar2024present June 2021 may2017  Designed and developed responsive web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to enhance user experience and engagement.  Collaborated closely with team members to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve technical issues, ensuring smooth project execution.  Actively participated in brainstorming sessions and contributed ideas for new features and improvements to the web application.  Assisted in the implementation of frontend features and backend functionalities, working in team with developers and stakeholders. Skills  Soft skills: Excellent verbal and communication skills, strong analytical and problem-solving skills  Programming Languages: JAVA,HTML,CSS,JAVSCRIPT  Version control system: Git  Libraries: React, Vue.js , Node.js ,PHP  Database: MySQL , MongoDB  Natural Language: English, Hindi Projects/Reports  Developed a full stack e commerce website to provide users with an itutiative shopping experience.  Design a blogging platform inspired by Medium to allow users to create, publish, and share articles. Certifications  Introduction to Web Development with Html, Css ,Javascript |IBM|Coursera  Data Structure|University of Calinfornia San Diego|Coursera Achievements  Completed Data Structures and Algorithms course by Coding Blocks, covering essential concepts such as arrays, linked lists ,stacks, queues , trees , graphs , sorting algorithms , and searching algorithms . Developed proficiency in problem solving techniques and algorithmic thinking through hands on coding exercises and projects.  Attended a week workshop on Adavance java Programming, presented by experts from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, NIET gaining knowledge of various optimization techniques and their applications in the industry. Areas ofInterest  Research &Development  Digital Marketing Content Writing Coding