Venkata Srikari Malladi github.com/SrikariMalladi | linkedin.com/in/malladi-srikari/| srikari.malladi@gmail.com | +919542103789 Summary A BTech student who is interested in real-time problem-solving and coding. Proficient in Java, Python, C++, C, ML/AI, and a keen interest in data science. Motivated and dedicated to continual self-improvement, I participate in self-learning as well as collaborative efforts with peers and mentors to better my skills and knowledge. Work Experience AIML Internship at Code Clause June 2023 - July 2023 Contributed in exploring datasets and applying fundamental machine learning algorithms for trend prediction. Gained valuable insights into practical applications of basic ML algorithms in data analysis. Data Science Internship at APSSDC June 2023 Aug2023 Training-based internship for a duration of 3 month where ML models with Data Preprocessing techniques were the highlighted topics with the help of feature engineering techniques. Artificial Intelligence Job Simulation at Cognizant Mar2024  May 2024 Training-based internship for a duration of 3 month where ML and Data Science models with some AI techniques were the highlighted topics. Used different techniques Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Modelling, Model Building and Interpretation Machine Learning Production Quality Assurance datasets. Projects Facemask LINK Facemask detection tells you how a many are using mask and how many are not using it .This model checks if a person is wearing a face mask or not. It detects faces using OpenCV model contains Keras and CNN Layers. Early Chronic Kidney Disease Prediction LINK This project aims to predict the presence or absence of chronic kidney disease based on medical and clinical data. It employs a variety of machine learning algorithms and techniques to achieve accurate predictions. Cardiovascular-Prediction-Using-ML LINK This project involved a comprehensive approach to predicting cardiovascular risk using advanced data analysis and machine learning techniques, aiming to contribute to better health outcomes through precise risk assessment. Education SRM University (Amaravati, Andhra Pradesh) Bachelor of Technology, CSE (JUNE 2021  Present) Specialization in AIML CGPA: 7.26(10) Sri Sarada Jr College (Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh) Intermediate, State Board (JULY 2019  MAR 2021) 727 (1000) Atkinson Sr Sec School (Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh) Schooling, CBSE (Until 2019) 320(500) Skills Programming Language : Python, C++/C, MySQL, Java, Kotlin. Web Technology: HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Miscellaneous : Git, Microsoft office, OpenCV, Data exploration, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualization.