Om Jannu SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Aspiring Software Developer and Open Source Contributor with strong creative and analytical skills. A detail-oriented team player dedicated to delivering innovative solutions and contributing to collaborative projects. omjannu2002@gmail.com mumbai linkedin.com/in/om-jannu-60a004218 9145522027 omjannu.vercel.app/ github.com/Om-jannu EDUCATION SKILLS B.E Information Technology, CyberSecurity (Hons.) Don Bosco Institute of Technology, Mumbai 2020 - 2024, CGPA - 8.86(till sem 7) Higher Secondary (Science) R.K.Talreja college 2018 - 2020, WORK EXPERIENCE Technical Instructor Engineering Future - CrEAST Initiative (Collaboration with L&T) 09/2023 - 02/2024, Machine Learning Intern MindStix Software Labs, Pune 01/2023 - 04/2023, Achievements/Tasks Developed an automated interview chatbot using NLP and transformers, leveraging BERT and Universal Sentence Encoder for advanced text processing and response evaluation. Ass. Technical Instructor Engineering Future - CrEAST Initiative (Collaboration with L&T) 08/2022 - 02/2023, oops Machine Learning DevOps html css javascript utter react.js node.js express.js rebase mysql mongodb git/github typescript c/c++ java PROJECTS CluedIn CluedIn web is a mobile + web application through which teachers, management and others can send these updates and notications which will be delievered to students through the mobile app. DeceptiScan Conduct a comparative analysis between dierent deepfake detection models, aiming to optimize their performance. Additionally, analyze the results to gain deeper insights into the strengths and weaknesses of each model in the context of deepfake detection. create-fs-app The create-fs-app CLI is a powerful npm package designed to streamline the process of creating full stack applications. With just a single command, developers can generate a fully congured application, complete with all the necessary components and congurations verify@dev A project that organizes and manages candidate proles and their certicates for events within the organization. This tool streamlines verication processes and ensures accurate record- keeping of participant achievements. LEADERSHIP Web Developement Head, CSI-DBIT(Computer Society of India) Developed CSI's ocial website and part of various projects under CSI- DBIT AWARDS & HONOURS Two-time Innovex winner: 1st place in 2024 and 2nd place in 2023. Successfully maintaining and managing the Ocial DBIT website and multiple departmental websites. INTERESTS Full Stack Development Backend Development Cloud Engineer Api Integration Database management debugging Software development