Vibha Pesala samsrita.pesala@gmail.com 8790831488 Hyderabad,India EDUCATION Bachelor's in Computers and Communication Engineering Manipal University Jaipur CGPA until 6th sem - 7.95 Specialization: Computational Intelligence Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Computer Networks, Relational Database Mangement Systems, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Operating Systems, AI/ML, Computer Vision Intermediate Education (Grade 11th - 12th) Sri Chaitanya Jr Kalasala Grade - 95.6% Grade-10 Jubliee Hills Public School Grade - 84% ACADEMIC PROJECTS 2021  2025 Jaipur, India 2019  2021 Hyderabad, India 2018  2019 Hyderabad, India Image Segementation: Tumor Detetection This project uses advanced image analysis (segmentation) with a powerful U-net neural network to detect brain tumors early. It pinpoints the size and location for better treatment planning. Employee Management System using Java Designed and deployed an Employee Management System in Java, leading to the streamlining of HR operations and a notable boost in overall efficiency. Traffic Police Database Management using SQL Designed a Traffic Police Database Management System used to manage a states traffic police database and to keep track of all the fines and road accidents in a particular area or in the particular state. The system uses a Relational Database Management System (SQL) to store the data. EXPERIENCE Keansa Consulting Services Pvt Ltd Data Analytics Intern I gained two months of hands-on experience in data analytics with Python. I successfully manipulated and cleaned data sets in Excel, producing a variety of visualizations to identify trends and patterns.Raw data was effectively processed and refined to produce the required output. Qureka - The Quizzing Club Arts and Crafts Team Actively participated in a quizzing club, engaging in intellectual competitions and fostering a passion for knowledge and learning, while demonstrating strong teamwork and collaboration skills by working with fellow club members. Humans Of Manipal Jaipur Head Of Promotions Humans of Manipal Jaipur is a page inspired by Humans of New York. Recruited and managed a team of opportunity seeking students, providing guidance and support throughout the year while demonstrating strong leadership skills by overseeing all events including logistics. Prashraya Welfare Foundation (Team Aashraya) Volunteer Prashraya Welfare Foundation (Team Aashraya) is a Section-8 non-profit organization dedicated to the overall well-being of all living beings. Actively participated I strategic planning sessions, providing valuble insights and recommendations for program development and expansion. 06/2024  07/2024 Hyderabad 2022  2023 Manipal University Jaipur, India 2022  2023 Manipal University Jaipur, India Hyderabad, India Blood Donation Camp (Rotaract Club) Core Committee Successfully organised and lead a blood donation drive while coordinating with local hospitals and blood banks with a team of personally recruited volunteers to secure nessesary resources and ensure a smooth donation process. Manipal University Jaipur, India SKILLS SQL Database Programming, Java Programming, Python, Tableau COURSES Introduction to Tableau DataCamp C Programming For Beginners - Master the C Language Udemy Java Programming for Complete Beginners Udemy Intermediate SQL Queries DataCamp Introduction to SQL DataCamp CCNA: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials Cisco Networking Academy CCNA: Introduction to Networks Cisco Networking Academy