ABHINAV CHAUHAN +91-9084918569 | abhinavchauhanaa49@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/abhinav-chauhan-756880213/ CAREER OBJECTIVE Looking for a challenging and task oriented position in an organization which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of managerial and analytical skills and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skill and knowledge and to be involved as a part of a team that dynamically works towards the growth of the organization and reach the top with determination, dedication and hard work. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Database: MySQL  Other: C, C++, Java, Python, php INTERNSHIP SQL, Sales Report May 24-Jun 24 Support for total sales, average sales per day/week/month, year-over-year growth.   Design and analysis of top-selling products, best-performing sales representatives, highest-grossing regions or stores.  Most valuable customers, repeat vs. new customers, customer segmentation based on purchase behaviour. Data Science, Human Emotion Detection May 22-Jul 22 Support for use cross-validation techniques to ensure the robustness of the model.   Consider ensemble methods to combine predictions from different models for improved accuracy.  Implement real-time processing capabilities for applications like live emotion detection during video calls or live chats.  Address ethical concerns related to privacy and data security, and ensure the model is unbiased and fair across different demographics. PROJECT E-commerce Website  ChiliFlips(Frontend)  Develop and execute comprehensive frontend website of E-commerce.    The main objective of the website is for selling the snacks at a specific price This E-commerce website is made up by HTML, CSS and JavaScript. This E-commerce website is fully responsive and working effectively. ACHIVEMENTS  Competition Winner From Bharti Vidyapeeth University, Pune in CGoogly(DBMS/SQL) 2022. Dec 23 INTRESTS Photography & editing, Video editing, Reading, Games EDUCATION Manipal University, Jaipur Masters of Computer Applications Invertis University, Bareilly B.Sc. (Hons.) Computer Science Jun23 -Cont. 8.7 Aug20 -Jul23 80%