Lakshya Goel +91 9997061958 - LinkedIn Profile - lgoel340@gmail.com - GitHub Profile EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering St. Marys Academy Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics along with Computer Science TECHNICAL SKILLS Jaipur, Rajasthan, India Oct, 2021 - Present Meerut, Uttar Pradesh, India May, 2009 - Jul, 2021 Technical: Java, Python, C, XML, HTML, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, MySQL, Firebase, Git, Appwrite, TypeScript, Swift Software: Windows, MacOS, Linux, Docker, BitBucket, Jira, Android Studio, Visual Studio Code, Slack, Atom WORK EXPERIENCE Summer Intern Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Delhi  Utilized front-end and back-end technologies to architect a seamless and scalable system, integrating advanced web development frameworks and robust relational database management for efficient data handling and user interaction. May, 2024 - Jul 2024  Spearheaded the creation of an advanced Audit Portal to streamline the submission and approval process for employee forms, significantly improving operational efficiency across multiple levels of the organization.  Developed and integrated a secure role-based access system that dynamically redirects users based on their employee ID, ensuring each user accessed functionalities tailored to their specific rolewhether as a coordinator, group head, or admin. Front End Developer Intern Bitnode (Startup), Chennai  Acquired foundational knowledge and practical experience in web development technologies, including HTML, Aug, 2022 - Dec 2022 CSS, and JavaScript, through hands-on projects and mentorship.  Demonstrated adaptability and problem-solving skills by troubleshooting and resolving technical issues encountered during web development projects, ensuring timely project delivery and client satisfaction.  Implemented dynamic and interactive features on web applications using JavaScript, enhancing user engagement and functionality while maintaining code modularity and scalability. PROJECTS  Snapgram - An interactive social media platform meaning users can create an account, add their posts, and connect with new users. Made with TypeScript, Appwrite, and React, the website is both dynamic as well as responsive. Project Link  Online Streaming Website - Developed the website using: React, NodeJS, Redux Toolkit - for stage management and implemented asynchronous operations, Firebase - for authentication and authorization, and MongoDB - for database management, to name a few. Users can save the video, hover over the thumbnail to get the preview, and even set the video to the favorites. Project Link AWARDS & CERTIFICATIONS  Student Advisory in Smart India Hackathon 2024 organised in Manipal University Jaipur.  2x Student Excellence Award capped by the CSE Department of Manipal University Jaipur.  Student Convenor in MUJHackX 2023, the International 36 Hours Hackathon organized by Computer Science Department of Manipal University Jaipur having 500+ participants.  Oracle Academy Certified in Database Foundations.  Student Volunteer in ICCAIML - The International Conference on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning in January 2024 having panellists from Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, and India.  RedHat Training Certified in Linux System Administration RH124 and RH134.  Google & Coursera Certified in Introduction to Git and GitHub.  Android Development Course Completion in 3 months in Java and XML by Pregrad.