Abhyudayaditya Kumar Singh Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh. (cid:131) +91-8840635108 # abhyuday3108@gmail.com  GitHub Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Information Technolgy (GPA: 8.75 / 10.00) City Montessori School 12th : Percentage : 95% 10th : Percentage : 96.8% Technical Skills 2021-2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan 2021 Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript Technologies: MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js, TensorFlow, jQuery, Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, MySQL Concepts: Data Structures and Algorithms, Computer Networks, Operating System, Virtual Memory, Cache Memory, Cybersecurity, Software Engineering, Machine Learning, Deep Learning ,Relational Database Management System Projects Shop.Co | MongoDB ,ExpressJs, React.Js ,NodeJs Link To Project  Built a visually appealing frontend using ReactJs and TailwindCSS. Also made it SEO friendly using React-Helmet.  Made a robust backend using Node.js and Express.js to handle API requests, manage user authentication and hashing.  Designed and structured MongoDB database schema to efficiently store and retrieve product, user, and order data.  Ensured data security and integrity measures by integrating robust validation and authentication mechanisms using JWT tokens.Integreated secure payments gateway using PayPal- Braintree tokens. Ophthalmic Disease Detection Model | Python , Tensorflow , Deep Learning, ResNet50 Link To Project  Developed a groundbreaking ResNet50-based model for precise detection of eye diseases from medical images, achieving an impressive 91% accuracy rate.  Enhanced diagnostic capabilities and significantly improved patient outcomes through advanced image analysis and disease detection.  Seamlessly integrated the ResNet-based model with a user-friendly frontend using FastAPI, enabling real-time diagnostics and easy access for medical professionals. Travel Buddy | ReactJS , TailwindCSS Link To Project  Created a visually appealing and user-friendly travel destination platform using React and Tailwind CSS, ensuring a modern and responsive design.  Implemented dynamic search functionality to allow users to explore destinations based on preferences such as location, budget, and activities. Experience Celebal Technologies React Intern May 2024  July 2024 Remote  Contributed to the development of multiple projects involving React. Participated in daily stand-ups and sprint planning meetings to align with project goals and deadlines.  Authored a responsive and user-friendly interfaces using React. Implemented various components, ensuring they adhered to the design specifications and provided a seamless user experience. Achievements  Deans List Award for Excellence in Academics for receiving highest grade point in 4th, 5th and 6th semesters respectively  Achieved a LeetCode Contest rating of 1500+, demonstrating strong problem-solving skills Link to Profile  Solved 500+ problems across various coding platforms in C++ and SQL. Certifications  Completed CISCO Introduction to Packet Tracer  Completed CISCO Introduction to Cybersecurity 2024  Completed CISCO Cybersecurity Essentials 2024  Completed The Complete 2023 Web Development Bootcamp  Completed NPTEL Software Engineering 2023