ANIKET SINGH 8318638640 aniketsingh5392@gmail.com aniket.2125cs1107@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/aniket-singh-852075209/ Education KIET Group of institutions Delhi NCR Ghaziabad Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science 7.6 CGPA J D S V M Inter College Prayagraj UP April 2017  March 2018 Higher Secondary 79.5 % October 2021 June 2025 Projects E-Commerce site for Artisans | HTML React, Node js, MongoDB, Blockchain 3 Month  Developed an Artisan E-commerce Platform with Blockchain Integration. and deployed on AWS  Its an e-commerce platform designed specifically for artisans and it utilizes blockchain technology for added security and transparency, here one can buy sell, and mint NFTs  Enabled cryptocurrency transactions.  Led a team of [ 4 ] members in the successful execution of the project, overseeing both the front end and certain aspects of backend development. Online Food Delivery and Restaurant Discovery Platform | HTML, CSS, JS 1.5 Month  Our project is an online food delivery and restaurant discovery platform.  Designed and implemented features including restaurant discovery, user-friendly food ordering, and real-time order tracking.  This project was undertaken independently as a personal endeavor. AR Card | Augmented Reality 1 Month - The AR card facilitates seamless networking and engagement by allowing users to connect with the cardholders online presence. - Users can easily access and explore additional information about the cardholder, such as their portfolio, contact details, Social media links, or any other relevant content, by interacting with the AR elements. Internships Code Clause | Web developer intern  I was a web developer intern and my task was to create a to-do list project using HTML, CSS, and JS.  My second task was to create a vlogging site using HTML, CSS, and JS. IBM Skillsbuild | Frontend developer intern 1 Month 1.5 Month  Here my task was to create an OTT platform  Our project is a web application that offers a streaming experience of a streaming platform. It provides users with a familiar and immersive environment for accessing a diverse range of multimedia content.  With a focus on delivering the key features, our front end replicates the essence of renowned streaming services. Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Tools: VS Code, GitHub Cloud Services: Amazon Web Service Technologies/Frameworks: React js ,Bootstrap Roles / Co-curricular Activities Frontend and AR Coordinator, MYCIN Technical Club - Actively participate in MYCIN technical club as an Augmented Reality Coordinator and member of the web development domain. Member, Technocrats Technical Club -Engage in activities and events organized by the Technocrats Technical Club. Contribute to discussions and collaborate with other members to explore various technical topics and projects. Certifications - AWS academy cloud architecting 2 Month - Data Structures in C++ by Coding Ninjas 6 Month - Frontend development using HTML, CSS, and JS by IBM 1 Month - Build 15 apps using AR by Coursera 2 Month