Taru Pathak (cid:131) (+91)7307701994 # pathaktaru2002@gmail.com (cid:239) Linkedin  Github  Leetcode Education Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University (AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering (CGPA of 7.5) November 2021 - Ongoing Ghaziabad, India Experience Tailor-Talk Web Developer June 2024 Ongoing Remote  Developed a dashboard with Next.js and Tailwind CSS for creating organizations and WhatsApp-interacting agent bots, integrating chat bots.  Built the main website for Tailor Talk. Neolen Frontend Developer October 2023  March 2024 Remote  Created an MVP dashboard where users can launch campaigns and ads similar to Meta campaigns using Next.js and Tailwind CSS, and designed the UI using Figma. Developed a second website for email warming using the Django MVT model. LocalVille React Developer May 2023  July 2023 Remote  Developed an e-commerce website for Tiles using React JS and also created the main website for LocalVille with the same technology. SRL Life Frontend Developer and UI/UX Designer November 2022  January 2023 Remote  Developed the SRL Life website interface using WordPress and Elementor, seamlessly integrating Figma for cohesive design. Position of Responsibility Cloud Computing Cell Co-ordinator and FullStack Developer November 2022  Ongoing On-site  Collaborating with a 45-member team to foster technical initiatives at the college and oversee diverse projects.  Conducting diverse workshops on ReactJS and Python, providing instruction to over 150+ students. Projects Funds4Good | Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Axios Github Link  Developed a frontend for offering low/zero interest loans and charity money to those in need.  Users can bookmark, view loan requests, apply with reasons, and validate recipients using identity proofs. BlogSphere | React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Tailwind CSS Github Link  Developed a fullstack blog website enabling users to read, create, and edit blogs with secure JWT token-based authentication.  Utilized React Router for seamless navigation and provided RESTful APIs for efficient data management. Shopify | React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Bootstrap Github-Frontend Link | Github-Backend Link  Developed a fullstack shopping website with CRUD features, React Router DOM, JWT authentication, RESTful APIs, and MongoDB for data storage. Technical Skills Languages : C/C++, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript. Aditional Skills : Git/GitHub, Node.js, React.js, Next.js, Redux, Express.js, Figma, Wireframing, Canva, Adobe Photoshop, HTML/CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, Wordpress, Elementor, MongoDB,Data Structures and Algorithm. Achievements  4th Rank at CodeX24- a national level hackathon and Grand Finalist in a National level hackathon Paradigm.  Secured qualification in the internal hackathons of SIH 2023 and Kavach 2023, surpassing more than 100 college teams.  Solved 250+ problems across various platforms and completed streak of 100 DSA problems on LeetCode.