Piyush Agarwal South Delhi, India | piyushagarwal0365@gmail.com | +91 8178689083 linkedin.com/in/piyush-agarwal-6a47b0252 Summary Dedicated and enthusiastic individual with hands-on experience in web development, known for collaborative spirit and ability to perform tasks efficiently. I bring a unique blend of skills, coupled with a commitment to continuous learning and growth. Skills  Languages: Javascript, C, C++, Python, HTML5, CSS.  Technologies: React.js, jQuery, Bootstrap, Express.js, Node.js, Git and Version Control, MongoDB, SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, API.  Other Skills: Data Structures, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Communication, Teamwork. Education Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Technology  GPA: 9.05/10.00 The Cambridge International School, Class 12th  Grade: 94.4% 2021  2025 Experience Yhills Edutech Private Limited, Web Developer Intern, Virtual  Implemented responsive design techniques to ensure optimal viewing experience across multiple devices.  Developed web applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  Use layout and frameworks to enhance performance and reduce load times by upto 30%. Aug 2023  Sep 2023 Projects Internet Pack API  Simple API which shows the request response model. In this API, our backend request for the data processing using POST, PATCH, DELETE request and a new pack of card generate, delete or edit.  Leveraging backend enhancing user interaction and retention rate by using elements such as axios and expressJs modules. E-commerce Platform  Development of a E-Commerce platform interface using Bootstrap and showcasing efficient use of HTML and CSS. It enhances user experience and show structured use of different layouts. Achievements and Additional Skills Understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms Certified in Instagram Clone using HTML & CSS by DevTown. Certified in JavaScript and Reactjs Bootcamp Completion by DevTown. Microsoft Azure Fundamentals Certified Completed Full Stack Development Course from Udemy