Shraddha Dayal +91 8849424566 EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering Podar International School Central Board of Secondary Education 2025 Current GPA: 7.63/10.0 2021 Percentage: 80.0 SKILLS Languages: C/C++, Python, MySql Tools/Frameworks: VS Code, Tableau, Microsoft Office, Power BI Soft Skills: Team Management, Communication Skills, Work Ethic, Adaptability EXPERIENCE Montecarlo Pvt. Ltd. | Trainee  Completed one month training in networking fundamentals.  Hands on experience with network configuration and troubleshooting.  Learned different protocols , TCP/IP , DNS, DHCP etc. PROJECTS Accident detection system | Arduino Uno , Python June 2024  July 2024 - An IoT-based accident detection system employs interconnected sensors to monitor vehicle dynamics in real-time, detecting collisions and immediately alerting emergency services with crucial details. - Designed and implemented a multi-sensor setup including accelerometers and GPS modules to accurately detect and analyze sudden vehicle impacts and irregular movements. - Integrated wireless communication modules like Bluetooth and GSM module for instant alert notifications to emergency services and predefined contacts, ensuring prompt assistance. IOT Based Flood Detection System| Arduino uno - Engineered an IoT-enabled flood detection system using Arduino to monitor and mitigate flood risks through real-time data collection and remote alerts. Integrated water level sensors and other environmental sensors with Arduino microcontrollers to continuously monitor water levels, rainfall, and soil moisture. Implemented IoT connectivity using Wi-Fi or GSM modules to transmit sensor data to a cloud-based server, enabling real-time data visualization and analysis via a web interface or mobile app. - - RELEVANT COURSEWORK Courses: Embedded Systems, Wireless Communications, Computer Architecture , Microprocessors and Microcontrollers, Operating Systems, Database Management Systems, Network And Control Theory, Analog And Digital Communication, Signals And Systems, CMOS VLSI Design CERTIFICATES Introduction To The Internet Of Things And Embedded Systems , University Of California, Coursera - - 5G For Everyone By Qualcomm Wireless Academy, Coursera - Wireless Communications For Everybody , Coursera EXTRA CURRICULARS - Member of Organizing Committee for Manipal University Fest. -led a team of 5 for the Oneiros Fest