Abhay Pratap Singh Computer Science & Engineering, MNNIT (cid:131) +91-9555646390 # aaby242abhay@gmail.com  Github (cid:239) LinkedIn (cid:128) Personal Portfolio Education Motilal Nehru National Institute Of Technology Computer Science and Engineering Professional Experience Backend Intern, Shopmakasa 2021 - 2025 May 2024 - July 2024  Developed and maintained backend APIs using Node.js and Express, collaborating with front-end teams to integrate RESTful APIs, which improved server response times by 20% and enhanced overall user experience.  Implemented database schemas and queries in MongoDB, and wrote unit tests using Jest, improving code reliability and data retrieval efficiency by 15%.  Optimized WebSocket implementation for real-time data updates, reducing latency by 25% and enhancing the responsiveness of live features across the platform. Personal Projects ZenoPrep 2.0  h Jun 2023  Tools & Technologies : WebRTC, Socket.IO, MongoDB, Express, React, Redux, JWT, Simple-Peer, MUI  Enables gamers to stream their game play while simultaneously engaging in video calling and chat, providing an integrated communication and streaming experience for upto 4 friends.  Implemented a mesh architecture using Simple-Peer to establish WebRTC connections among all participants in the game room while ensuring real time updates.  Deployed on AWS server via reverse proxing through NGINX to serve 3 nodeJs processes on a single EC2 instance. Zaytm 2.0  h Nov 2023  Tools & Technologies : NextJs, Express, Node, Turborepo, PostgreSQL, Tailwind  Developed a web-based wallet enabling users and merchants to onramp money through a simulated bank account, integrating banking APIs for peer-to-peer transactions and streamlined expense sharing.  Managed database schemas and interactions using PostgreSQL and Prisma, ensuring data integrity and optimizing query performance for efficiency. ZeroAccidentVision  h Feb 2024  Tools & Technologies : Python, Flask, Numpy, Pandas, Google Colab  Trained a machine learning model from scratch using 1.6 million record dataset from the UK government, implementing various algorithms and selecting the most accurate model through hyperparameter tuning.  Achieved an accuracy of 86.88 % after iterating through different machine learning algorithms while collecting input on factors such as geo-location, weather, road conditions, and previous history to predict accident severity in specific areas. Technical Skills Programming: C++, JavaScript/TypeScript Frameworks/Libraries: NextJs, React, Express, NodeJs, WebSockets, WebRTC Database: SQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL Styling: TailwindCSS, Material-ui, Shadcn Others: Git, Docker, AWS Position of Responsibility  Fest Co-ordinator, Culrav-Avishkar : Co-ordinator of the annual techno-cultural fest  Dramatics Club, Alchemy : Co-ordinator of the dramatics club, part of SF contingent  Discipline Committee, Swagat : Part of organising team of Swagat  Co-Head, SF Contingent : Lead the college contingent Achievements  AIR-2670 JEE : Scored 99.76 percentile, showcasing a strong aptitude for problem-solving.  NMTC, Pre-RMO Qualified  Winner in Culrav, Dramatics : Stage Play, Nukkad in Cultural Fest of MNNIT  Solved more that 1000 coding questions across all platforms : Leetcode, Codeforces, GFG, Codechef