Anurag Sharma Bachelor of Technology Computer Science Engineering Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, New Delhi Education +91 8178999986 anurag09sharma27@gmail.com github.com/anurag01creator linkedin.com/anurag-sharma-328a11225/ leetcode.com/anurag09sharma27/ Year 2021-2025 (current) 2021 2019 Degree/Certificate B.Tech Information Technology CBSE(XII) CBSE(X) Institute Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Deen Bandhu Public School, New Delhi Apeejay School, New Delhi CGPA/Percentage 8.225 94.6 % 82.6 % Projects  Task Study Hub Full Stack Live Demo  Currently working on an edtech platform for users to learn best development and designing skills from best teachers around the country  Tech Stack Used: Html, Css, React, Node JS  SERENE SPACE Full Stack Live Demo  Led development of dynamic platform, employing comprehensive tech stack for intuitive user experience. Engineered front- end and back-end solutions for efficient data handling. Collaborated with stakeholders to integrate key features like podcast section and mental health resources. Proficient in modern web development, enabling creation of robust, scalable platform fostering mental wellness community.  Tech Stack Used: Html, Css, React, Node JS  AS-Foodie fleet Full Stack Live Demo  Developed a full-stack food ordering app using Next.js 14, React.js, MongoDB, and Tailwind CSS, enabling seamless brows- ing, ordering, and payment processing for users.  Utilized Next.js 14 for server-side rendering and React.js for dynamic UI elements. Employed MongoDB for efficient backend data storage and management. Styled UI components efficiently using Tailwind CSSs utility-first approach.  Tech Stack Used: HTML, CSS, Next.js 14, React.js, MongoDB, and Tailwind CSS.  LUFFY POP - Shopping Cart Live Demo Full Stack  Developed LUFFY POP a user-friendly e-commerce platform offering seamless navigation, efficient data management, and reliable functionality also allowing users to add and remove a variety of products to cart.  Used FakeStore API to fetch product information, ensuring real-time updates and accurate details for an enhanced shopping experience.  Tech Stack Used: React JS , MongoDB , Express JS , Node JS. Skills  Programming Languages: C/C++, Data Structures Algorithms, OOPS, HTML/CSS, JavaScipt, ReactJs, NodeJs, MySql, ExpressJs, Next JS & Tailwind  Fundamentals: Algorithm Design Analysis, Operating System, Computer Networks, DBMS & Git/GitHub  Soft Skills: English Proficient, Leadership & Management Open Source  Hash Define Organization: Hash Define is a non-profit organization that aims to give life to a coding culture that promotes learning that is motivated by a fascination for new technologies  cscodershub: It is a community of coders and cyber security enthusiasts, here we believe in sharing/discussing our knowledge with other members for enhancement and learning. Achivements  I am learning data structures and algorithms, their applications and other technologies.  Solved 600+ questions on various coding platforms.  Core Team Member at Hash Define Community having 5000+ student developers around India. Certifications  Hackthons VIHAAN 6.0 -DTU, SIH 2023, GGSIPU SHARK-TANK 2023 Positions of Responsibility  Hash Define (NPO): As an Ass. Vice President at Hash Define, I actively supervised and managed various events under the guidance of the founders. Notably, I took charge of the sponsorship department during HackDefine, a successful hackathon we organised in May. In addition, I have been dedicated to mentoring numerous students, providing guidance and support to those facing challenges in understanding data structures and algorithms concepts.  Drishti - Rotaract Club of BPIT: Member of Professional Development at RaC BPIT which is a social welfare society and we have been committed to solving real-world problems since 2016 and continuing to do the same with reforming zeal. Last updated: May 14, 2024