MOHIT RATHOD S O F T W A R E E N G I N E E R : 9372880318 | Email | Portfolio | LinkedIn | GitHub Summary Software Engineer with the expertise in the Full stack development with Front-End and Back-End. Eager to apply my technical skills and contribute in the innovative projects for the same. Technical Skills:      Front-end: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Angular, Flutter Back-End: Python, Node.js, Firebase Framework (Rest API): Django, Flask, FastAPI DevOps: Azure, AWS, Docker, Jenkins Database: MySQL, MongoDB Experience Bharat Intern | Web Development Intern 2022-2022 - Led the development of 4 projects during my web development internship at Bharat Intern: 1. Dynamic portfolio website 2. Sophisticated calculator application - Enhanced skills in frontend and backend development. Projects 3. Feature-rich to-do list 4. Netflix clone Hotel Management System | Python/Java, MySQL - Utilized Python with Tkinter for the frontend and Java with JavaFX for the frontend development. - Implemented backend functionality using MySQL to manage data storage and retrieval. - Collaborated with team members to design and implement various features of the hotel management system. - Successfully delivered a fully functional system meeting project requirements and timelines. Diabetes prediction WebApp | ML, Python (Flask), HTML, CSS, JavaScript - Demonstrated proficiency in web development using Flask for backend and Bootstrap 4 for frontend. - Included features such as a symptoms page and frequently asked questions (FAQs) section on diabetes symptoms for user education. - Utilized Support Vector Classification (SVC) algorithm to predict diabetes with an accuracy of 76%. - Successfully delivered a functional and informative web app to aid in diabetes prediction and awareness. TravelApp UI | Flutter, Firebase - Designed and developed a visually appealing travel UI using Flutter framework. - Promoted tourism in Rajasthan by showcasing the best places and tourist attractions in the region. - Implemented features for searching historic places to enhance user experience and exploration. - Utilized Firebase for backend services, including data storage and retrieval, ensuring real-time updates and seamless user interactions. - Successfully delivered a user-friendly travel app to facilitate exploration and discovery of historic places in Rajasthan. Education Shah And Anchor Kutchhi College Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Queens Mary college fo science and commerce Grade XII (science with computer Science)