PRANESH RAJENDRAN HR Generalist praneshprofessional@gmail.com +91-8610229214 Location-Bangalore Profile Summary A qualified generalist HR professional with more than 3.6 years of experience in Compensation & Benefits, Rewards and Recognition, Formulation & Implementation of HR Policies, Performance Appraisal, KRAs KPI, etc. Education Areas of Expertise MBA from Anna University in 2021 B.Sc. from Bharathiar University in 2019 Soft Skills Team Player Problem Solver Analytical Collaborator Communicator Innovator Payroll & Compensation HR Compliance Well trained in Payroll software Recruitment Employee Engagement Personal Details Date of Birth: 11th December 1998 Languages Known: English, Tamil, Kanada, Baduga, Hindi.  Work Experience (Total Experience: 3 years 6 months) Mar15-currently working (1 Year 6months) HR Executive 1. Monthly Payroll process 2. Attendance, leave management, preparing payroll input data 3. Compliance management: Renewal of shops and establishment, Mediclaim Insurance, Gratuity with LIC, Process 4.Gratuity claims, Filling Bonus return, Maternity benefit return, POSH Return, Shops & Establishment return. 5. Process full and final settlement & Gratuity settlement. 6. Employee documentation: Appointment, offer, increment, contract renewal of service providers. 7.Ensure accurate TDS deduction & documentation in salary 8.Form 16 closing in HRIS software in coordination with accounts. 9.Support accounts with data for filling TDS returns. 10. TDS Supporting filling and checking employee wise. 11. New joining formality: verify documents and update the same in employee file & HRIS software. 12.Worked on LTA provision, Bonus provisions and leave encashments. 13. Filling and updating documents in employee files. 14. Provide input data to for Challan generation of PF, ESIC, MLWF, PT State wise. Ensure payments are on time. 15. Source Candidates from Naukri and linked in for the open position. Lineup and coordinate for interview. 16. Employee Engagement activities SEP 2022  MAR 2023 (7 Months) Fidelitus Crop, Bangalore Talent Acquisition Executive Managing full cycle recruiting process to meet the various staffing goals across all levels within multiple business units. Responsible for sourcing, screening & interviewing potential candidates for fulltime/C2H. Evaluate the resume with current assignment looking for Mandatory Skills, Must Haves & Like to Have, would be a Plus in the resume. Evaluating the candidates resume is matching with the requirement that the prime vendor or client has sent. After evaluating the candidates resume, get all his details like his full name, SSN, contact details etc. through e-mail. Scheduling and coordinating the interview for all the short-listed candidates. Expertise in placing people for both permanent and contract staffing solutions Managed HR functions, including recruitment, talent development, and employee relations.  New joining formality: verify documents and update the same in employee file & HRIS software  Work as part of dynamic team that responds and fulfils Clients hiring needs.  Providing outsourced recruiting services as well as customized HR solution for wide array of clients.  Making candidate profiles in various tools and submit candidate to clients. Provide recruitment & selection services to client over phone Apr 21  Aug 22 (1 year 5months) Talentino Technologies PVT LTD TEAM LEAD (Apr 2022 -Aug 2022) Key Responsibilities:-  Responsible to take care of end to end recruitment. Responsible for Team Handling and Client coordination.  Daily interaction with the hiring manager to understand the requirement and work withthem closely to fulfil the requirements at the earliest.  Building strong partnerships with hiring manager and co-develop strategic. Interacting with the end clients and ensuring the smooth hiring process.  Responsible to fulfil the business requirements from hiring standpoint and to close thepositions within TAT.  Following process that includes analyzing job requirements, job posting on various channels like Naukri, LinkedIn etc, sourcing, preliminary calls,  scheduling, feedback, document collection & verification, CTC negotiation, releasing offer and on boarding  Technologies hiring for Data Engineer, Full stack, Salesforce, SAP technologies, Cloud engineer, DevOps, Architect, Java, Python, Microservices, User interface, Scrum master,  Adobe target, Google optimize, Testing, backend/Frontend technologies, Autosar Embedded, Oracle etc. As part of hiring team:  Strong hands on End to End recruitment experience.  Maintained healthy Recruitment pipeline for Niche/Super Niche.  Good at Handling team and meeting recruiting target.  Managed sourcing for Super Niche and Niche Skills  Worked with Demand Management Leads and Project to ensure in-depth understanding of requirements  Responsible for sourcing profiles through Job portal and LinkedIn  Ensuring the demand closure within the given SLA Additional Responsibilities:-  Team management  Attendance Management and employee engagement Supporting for backend process  Employee on boarding, joining formalities, documentation,  Induction, conducting orientation and co-ordination with the internal team. Exit Management: Conducted exit formalities & documentation.  Provides payroll information by collecting time and attendance records.  Submits employee data reports by assembling, preparing, and analysing data. Maintains employee information by entering and updating Employee data. HR Recruiter, Apr 2021  Apr 2022 Key Responsibilities:-  Managing full cycle recruiting process to meet the various staffing goals across all levels within multiple business units.  Responsible for sourcing, screening & interviewing potential candidates for fulltime/C2H.  Evaluate the resume with current assignment looking for Mandatory Skills, Must Haves & Like to Have, would be a Plus in the resume.  Evaluating the candidates resume is matching with the requirement that the prime vendor or client has sent.  After evaluating the candidates resume, get all his details like his full name, SSN, contact details etc. through e-mail.  Scheduling and coordinating the interview for all the short-listed candidates.  Expertise in placing people for both permanent and contract staffing solutions PRANESH RAJENDARN BANGALORE