AVANTHIKA M avanthi.m0@gmail.com | +918113958097 / 7907197581 Bengaluru | linkedin.com/in/contactavanthika Professional Summary Dedicated and results-oriented HR professional with 5+ years of comprehensive experience in IT and Non IT. Proven expertise in talent acquisition, employee relations, and HR policy development and fostering a positive workplace culture. Skilled in designing and implementing HR programs that align with organizational goals and enhance overall employee satisfaction. Skills  Recruitment and Selection  HRIS Management  Performance Management  Compensation and Benefits  Grievance handling Technologies & Tools: SAP, Greythr, Excel Work Experience HyperThink System Private Limited  Bengaluru Nov 2022- Feb 2024 HR Associate  Handled the complete IT recruitment.  Served as the primary contact for employees regarding all benefits, payroll, and administrative inquiries.  Attendance Management through HRMS portal.  Assisting in Payroll  Support the onboarding process for new hires   Handled employees exit formalities.  Assist in the preparation and maintenance of HR documentation such as offer letters, relieving Initiate background verification checks for shortlisted candidates letter, contracts, and policies.  Conducting employee engagement activities  Support the performance management process by administering performance appraisal forms, tracking performance reviews, and following up on action plans. Carttly  Kannur May 2018  March 2022 HR Executive  Monitor and track employees leave and attendance.  Initiate background verification checks for shortlisted candidates, including employment history, education credentials, and references.  Prepare paperwork, schedule, and facilitate smooth new hire onboarding process.  Handled complete recruitment life cycle.  Assist with payroll processing.  Provide support to employees in various HR related topics such as leaves, compensation etc. and resolve issues and problems. Issuing letter of offer/employment to the selected candidate   Conducting employee engagement activities Wipro Limited  Kochi Sep 2017  May 2018 HR Associate  Verify the employee's final working days, attendance, leaves taken, and any pending dues.  Calculate final payments including salary, reimbursements, incentives, bonuses, and any other applicable entitlements or deductions.  Collaborate with various departments such as HR, payroll, finance, and legal to gather necessary information and approvals for FnF settlement.  Prepare and review all required documentation such as the FnF statement, release forms, and clearance certificates.  Prepare reports on FnF settlements, including metrics such as turnaround time, accuracy of calculations, and compliance with company policies. Career Guru- Kasaragod July 2016  August 2017 HR Executive Trainee Education AJ Institute of Management Studies, Mangalore 2014 - 2016 MBA in Human resource(Major) Marketing(Minor) Govt.Brennen College, Thalassery 2010 - 2013 BA Economics