Prathamesh Kamble Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra +91 9619804561 prathameshkamble349@gmail.com LinkedIn EDUCATION : A. C. Patil College of Engineering Bachelors of engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science , 8.31 GPA. Kharghar , Navi Mumbai. 2020  2024. V. G. Vaze College Mulund, Mumbai. HSC in Science , 66.71%. 2018-2020. SKILLS : Languages : - Python, Java, Web Technologies. Libraries/Framework: - Pandas, Matplotlib, NodeJs, Tools/ Databases : - MySQL, SQlite, AWS, Github. PROJECTS : Campus Guider : - An indoor navigation system for the college campus, so the user can guide through the complex building using their mobile device. Used the Unity gaming Software for the creation of the maps and mapping algorithms to guide the user towards their destination by avoiding obstacles and detailed presentation of the nearby Surrounding. Digital Board : - An interactive website for the teaching purpose. Just like the Digital board developed using basic web development tools Html , CSS , Javascript. Its an interactive board where you can draw, write, insert image. Netflix Clone Site : - Dynamic and responsive website just like Netflix. Implemented using Html, CSS, and Bootstrap. Enhanced user experience with JavaScript for interactive features. AI Virtual Painter : - Python based virtual painter app were you can draw and doodle things in the air. Open CV library is used to scan the palm and with certain and signs you can draw in the air. ACHIEVEMENTS : Ethical hacking Essential - 2023. Got to learn how to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in computer system and networks, learn the technique used by the hacker but for enhancing security. Web Development Internship program by Bharat Intern, 10 Sept 2023  10 Oct 2023. Learn how to make interactive website using basic web development tools html, CSS , JavaScript. Machine Learning with python - Coursera. Learn to build and train models for tasks such as classification, regression, clustering. And explore python libraries like TensorFlow and scikit.