(cid:131) +91 9140183566 # rudranilay03@gmail.com  LeetCode (cid:239) LinkedIn  GitHub Nilay Rudra Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (Aliated to AKTU) Bachelor of Technology  Relevant Coursework: Computer Science Engineering and Technology Stella Maris Inter College Intermediate (CGPA : 8.6)  Relevant Coursework: Science with Mathematics Technical Skills 2021- 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 2020- 2021 Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Technologies: React.js, Next.js, Tailwind CSS , Bootstrap Languages: Javascript , SQL , Java , Python(NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn) , HTML , CSS Dev Tools: Visual Studio Code, Power BI,Postmen, Git, Gitlab Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithm Experience Techavtar Lead React.js Developer Aug 2023Oct 2023 Remote  Successfully led a team of 3 frontend developers, delivering high-quality projects for clients .  Implemented features with React js that have helped in improving user Experience and overall engagement of the application by nearly 25% .  Streamlined Frontend code to signicantly boost application performance by 15% . TreeVed Frontend Web Developer Intern May 2023July 2023 Remote  Designed and Developed responsive user interfaces with React.js , leading to improvement in user engagement by 35% .  Analyzed and operated multiple Rest APIs that have helped in transforming the User Experience .  Sorted initial bugs and optimized the overall code to improve the eciency and loading time of the web page by 20% . Projects PG-Hub | React.js, Tailwind , Node.js , Express.js, Rest APIs Source Code  Designed a scalable web application where the user can can nd the best PGs nearest to their college .  Implemented a search feature using Least common subsequence, Ratings and review system, Booking option to connect directly with owner that has helped in increasing user engagement by 40% .  Build an interface using Tailwind and CSS, where the user can sell their property and nd them according their need achieving an overall boost by 20% in performance . FundFlow | React.js, CSS , Node.js , Express.js, Rest APIs Source Code  Developed a web application where the small start ups can pitch and get their fundings in respective sectors .  Introduced a live feature enabling multiple investors to bet and provide optimal funding for startups, resulting in a 15% increase in performance and user engagement . Achievements  Have solved 450+ problems in LeetCode .  Contributor in HacktoberFest-2022 .  Contributor in GSSOC-2023 .