DAKSH TYAGI Ph: +91- 63982 67846 Email: tyagidaksh81@gmail.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/dakshtyagi Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India - 201206 EDUCATION KIET GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS Ghaziabad, India Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science and Information Technology MOUNT CARMEL SCHOOL (CISCE) Ghaziabad, India Intermediate  85% & High School  89% August 2018 - June 2021 June 2021 - August 2025  Languages: JAVA, JavaScript  Platforms: Visual Studio Code, Intellij IDEA KEY EXPERTISE  Soft Skills: Rapport Building, Strong Stakeholder management, People Management, Excellent communication PROJECTS Everyshop: E-Commerce Application React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS December 23- February 2024 o Developed a full-fledged e-commerce platform using React and Firebase. o Implemented user authentication, product management, and cart functionality for a seamless shopping experience. o Integrated with backend APIs or services to fetch product data, manage user authentication, and handle cart functionality. o Ensured responsiveness across various devices and screen sizes using media queries and responsive design techniques. Web Portfolio React js, Javascript September 23- October 2023 o Designed and developed a personal portfolio website using JavaScript and React, showcasing a collection of projects, o skills, and experiences in web development. Implemented responsive design principles for optimal viewing across devices and browsers. Incorporated interactive elements and animations to enhance user engagement and create a seamless browsing experience. EXPERIENCE Goldman Sachs Software Engineering Virtual Experience Program on Forage April 24 - May 2024 o Identified that the company was using an outdated password hashing algorithm by cracking passwords using Hashcat. o Wrote a memo for my supervisor summarizing a range of proposed uplifts to increase the companys level of password protection including extending minimum password length and using a dedicated hashing algorithm. J.P. Morgan Software Engineering Virtual Experience on Forage April 24 - May 2024 Implemented user Set up a local dev environment by downloading the necessary files, tools and dependencies. o o Fixed broken files in the repository to make web application output correctly. o Used JPMorgan Chases open source library called Perspective to generate a live graph that displays a data feed in a clear and visually appealing way for traders to monitor. CERTIFICATES Full Stack Web Developer (PW Skills) April 2024 o Mastered HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, SQL, and RESTful APIs for end-to-end web development. AWS Academy Cloud Foundations (Amazon) May 2024 o Gained practical experience in using AWS tools and services such as EC2, S3, IAM, and CloudFormation through labs, projects, and simulations in the AWS Academy Cloud Foundations course. Python for Data Science (IBM) October 2023 o Completed course covering Python, data analysis, machine learning, and data visualization. o Mastered data gathering, identification, and cleaning for analysis preparation. EXTRA-CIRRICULAR ACTIVITIES o Second Position in Photography Competition of Annual Cultural Fest of KIET GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS. o Third Position in International Model United Nations Conference 135, participated as the delegate of Saudi Arabia. o Participated at KIET Model United Nations 2023 as the delegate of India. OTHER INTERESTS o Travelling & Vlogs (Video-Editing) o Singing (Lyrics-Writing)