Dhruv Mishra Delhi, India |dhruv35m@gmail.com | https://dhruvmishra.com | +91 8851271160 | LinkedIn | github Summary Passionate software engineer with hands-on experience in web development, specializing in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, MySQL, and basic AWS (EC2, S3). Demonstrates a strong understanding of modern web technologies and frameworks. Proficient in UI and API design, testing, debugging, and delivering robust applications that meet client needs. Technical Skills Languages | C++, Javascript, Python, SQL Technologies | AWS (EC2, S3), Reactjs, Nodejs, Express, MySQL, MongoDB, Git & GitHub, Linux, TailwindCSS, HTML, CSS, Socket.io. Skills | Data structure and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Databases, Rest API, Full Stack Development. Internship Experience Callsmaster Services LLP Callsmaster is a cutting-edge startup specializing in integrated brand and marketing technology solutions, including web and software development services. WEB DEVELOPER 3 months  Optimized website functionality and streamlined operations by integrating coupon APIs, resulting 80% reduction in manual coupon entry tasks.  Developed spotify ad blocker extension that got more than 2k downloads within two weeks.  I got opportunity to work on various project CoupontoDeal, watch party, etc. Projects CodingDude - Contest Reminder 550+ downloads  Developed a modern UI-rich Chrome extension using HTML, CSS, React.js for the frontend, and Node.js with Express.js as backend for contest scraping.  Features include notifications, contest filtering, add to Google Calendar, countdown, and effortless access. Hole and Mole Game App  Created a Web based simple Game using HTML, CSS and javaScript. It is a combination of my technical skills and passion for interactive entertainment with easy, medium, and hard difficulty levels. Education Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Technology Bachelor of Technology (BTech) in Computer Science & Engineering DSEU Rajokari Campus Polytechnic in Information Technology Rajouri Garden, New Delhi 2021 - 2024 Rajokari, NewDelhi 2017 - 2020 Achievements  Under top 15% globally on LeetCode with a contest rating of 1680+.  Maintained 550+ active users for personal projects.