SATYENDRA KUMAR MISHRA Bengaluru (India) (cid:211) +91-7000752416 msatyendra567@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github LeetCode GeeksforGeeks Portfolio EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Chouksey Engineering College EXPERIENCE November 2020  June 2024 Bilaspur, (C.G) Freelancer - Full Stack Web Developer September 2023 - Present  Built and delivered 3+ client websites, prioritizing exceptional user experiences and achieving high client satisfaction.  Demonstrated expertise in server configuration and optimization to deploy 3+ client applications onto VPS platforms, ensuring smooth live hosting.  Optimized website performance using React, resulting in a 20% reduction in load times and a 15% increase in user engagement. Real Capital Ventures, Espacios Design Studio Full-Stack Developer Intern | Zetpeak | React, HTML, Tailwind CSS June 2023 - September 2023  administered the development of a full-Stack project, completing it within 2 months.  Crafted a user-friendly blog web app and Zetpeak portfolio with all essential features and 8+ web pages.  Integrated user authentication, search functionality, and the Like Comment system to rank the posts.  Managed the database and created a responsive front-end using React, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Chegg - Subject Matter Expert | Chegg October 2022 - November 2023  Delivered clear, step-by-step explanations and guidance to enhance students understanding of concepts.  Leveraged strong communication and active listening skills to achieve a 78% positive rating from students. PROJECTS Vedas - An Ed-Tech Platform | React, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, MongoDB, Express April 2024 - Present  Designed and implemented the Full-Stack Ed-Tech Platform.  Developed a modular e-learning platform with 3 distinct user roles (Student, Instructor, Admin), each equipped with specific functionalities.  Implemented a client-server architecture, with the front end serving as the client and the back end and database serving as the server.  Established a secure user authentication system implementing Email Verification, JWT (Json Web Token), and robust Password Hashing for optimal data protection. Variants.AI | Next.js, React.js, Mysql October 2023 - December 2023  Designed and built a Full Stack Software as a Service AI Platform enabling interactive conversations with notable personas like Jeff Bezos (founder of Amazon), Steve Jobs (founder of Apple).  Established account creation and management functionalities for 2 account types: Basic and Pro.  Enabled users to seamlessly manage their accounts through Stripes deposit and withdrawal functionalities, achieving a 100% success rate. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programing Languages: C++, Java, JavaScript, SQL Technologies/Frameworks: HTML5, CSS3, Tailwind, Jquery, Express, React.js, Next.js, NodeJS, Bootstrap Version Control: Git, Github Database: MySql, MongoDB Others: Data Structures and Algorithms, OOPs Concept, Database Fundamentals, Operating System (OS), Networking, Computer Science (CS) fundamentals, Cloud Computing CERTIFICATIONS  Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate  Data Structure And Algorithms - Apna College  Cloud Bootcamp - Sponsored by Google for Developers - GeeksForGeeks(GFG)  Front End Development Libraries - freeCodeCamp