GUBBA VENKATA PRUDVI RAJ gubbavenkataprudviraj@gmail.com 9182281617 linkedin.com/in/venkataprudviraj github.com/VenkataPrudviRaj https://leetcode.com/u/prudviraj_g_v Education B.E.,Computer Science and Engineering Chennai Institute Of Technology Professional Experience BHARAT INTERN Web Development 2021  2025 | CGPA: 8.3 June 2023-July 2023 Focused on CSS, HTML, JavaScript to create engaging, responsive user interfaces. Created impactful projects specifically emphasizing frontend design, such as a portfolio website and YouTube Clone. Translated learned frontend skills into practical, visually appealing web solutions, gaining valuable experience in real-world frontend development. Projects E commerce website Employed React.js in the design of an e-commerce platform, which also implemented Node.js as well as Express.js for server-side programming and MySQL for database management.  Integrated transaction processing features into the platform including payment gateways and order processing. The interface is responsive and usable on different devices. Youtube Clone I created a dynamic YouTube project using HTML, CSS, JavaScript,through custom styling and interactive elements and enhanced user engagement and experience Designed an intuitive user interface for seamless video streaming ,using basic features to develop the functionality of the popular platform to ensure a user-friendly experience Generative AI I developed a responsive system uses generative AI to provide intelligent and contextual answers to user questions it improve conversational communication by providing accurate solution. This also provides voice content, which has been used to improve the user experience through simple and intuitive voice interfaces used generative AI to provide answers to user questions Certificates Web Development Bootcamp-udemy Completed a comprehensive web development bootcamp on Udemy, gaining proficiency in front-end and back-end technologies. Introduction to javascript -coursera Achieved a certificate for creating javascript which supports the html document.it is created variance ideas to develop a project. Introduction to Front-end Development with ReactJS It focuses on building user interfaces using component-based architecture. ReactJS enables developers to create dynamic and efficient web applications. Skills Programming Skills Python,Java Web development Html,CSS,JavaScript,Reactjs,N odejs Database My Sql