MAKARLA JAHNAVI # makarlajahnavi@gmail.com (cid:239) https://www.linkedin.com/in/makarla-jahnavi-82594a226/ (cid:131) 9059220446 Career Objective ] Dynamic and detail-oriented engineering graduate with a Bachelors degree in ECE Engineering. Pos- sessing strong technical skills in various programming languages coupled with a solid foundation in engineering principles. Adept at problem-solving and collaborating in team environments, demon- strated through successful completion of projects.Eager to apply academic knowledge and hands-on experience to contribute eectively to innovative engineering projects and exceed organizational ob- jectives. EDUCATION B-Tech ECE, Expected in 01/2025 ] KL University, Deemed to be University GPA: 8.7 Intermediate, 01/2021 ] NRI Jr College, TSBIE GPA: 91.4 10th class, 01/2019 ] Laurus The School of Excellence, SSC GPA: 8.8 TRAININGS Python Developer Naresh IT, Hyderabad - Took 4 months of training in Python language, working with dierent IDEs. March24-May24 May23  Aug23 ] ] Generative AI Coursera (Online) - Trained in Generative AI technologies at beginner level. Skills Coding Databases Data Science ] Clang,Python,Java,Rlang. ] Mysql ] MsExcel,PowerBI,Tableau Certifications 2023 2024 ] Python Course NareshIT,Hyderabad ] Generative AI, Coursera (Online). Projects Smart Automation An automatic door opening system is a simple project based on IR Sensor/Ultra sonic Sensor and Arduino, which automatically opens and closes the door by detecting a person or object. Automatic Irrigation System This project works on soil moisture detection and automated working of motor using basic sensors.An automatic plant watering system is a project that waters plants without human intervention and using Arduino uno and moisture sensor. Automatic door operation Automatic door operation application by using AT89c51 micro controller, Keil IDE and Proteus simulation tool, AT89c51 microcontroller, Keil IDE, Proteus, Through this experiment, an understanding of microcontroller using assembly language or c. STENGTHS AND PERSONAL SKILLS  Altruistic  diligent  Presentation skills  Proactive ACCOMPLISHMENTS  I represented one of my School houses as a Captain for a year.  I was part of an organizing committee Convolve during my B-Tech. HOBBIES AND INTERESTS  Dancing  Reading Novels  Art and craft  Cooking DISCLAIMER I hereby declare that all the information provided in this document is true and accurate.