8851774066 | KUMUD BANSAL bansalkumud2020@gmail.com | LinkedIn Profile EDUCATION B.A. Economics(H) Class XII Class X ORGANIZATION MARKS OBTAINED YEAR OF COMPLETION College of Vocational Studies 7.29 CGPA 2026 (Expected) Universal Public School Universal Public School 93.8 % 91.2 % 2022 2020 ACADEMIC AND EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS DISTINCTIONS Finalist at Case Combat organized by Entrepreneurship Cell at Rajdhani College. Secured second position at the Inter-Society Case Study Competition organized by Mercadeo. School Topper in subjects Business Studies and Legal Studies scoring 97/100 and 98/100 respectively. Awarded by Brilliant Brain Creators for exemplary performance in economics subject. Bronze medalist in house marching at school level during annual sports day. Secured first division in guitar from Prayag Sangeet Samiti Allahabad.  Secured bronze medal at school level in the National Cyber Olympiad.  WORK EXPERIENCE & INTERNSHIPS 2024 2024 2022 2018 2021 2013 Business Development and Research Intern Younity.in Management Trainee Markoknow SOCIAL WORK  Generated revenue of Rs. 30,000+ and got appreciated during the internship.  Awarded with 5+ titles, Letter of Recommendation, and Certificate of Excellence.  Promoted as Team Leader for showcasing exceptional efforts, performance consistency, client handling, and closing deals confidently.  Directly supported CEO, driving client engagement and converting prospects into leads for virtual startup campus while suggesting areas for improvement through market research. Selected as a standout intern at Markoknow to represent the company at Bharat Mandapams Startup Fair, engaging with 25+ diverse domain company owners.  (May- July) 2023 (Feb- March) 2024 Muskurahat Foundation Volunteered with the NGO as the crowdfunding intern and raised Rs.3.5K+ to reach more Marginalized communities. 2023 POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY Project Head (Case Studies) The Economics Society Creatives Head (Content) The Marketing Society PROJECTS Spearheading and managing a team of 20+ members, and successfully conducted training sessions to enhance their analytical and problem-solving skills.  Sessions to enhance their analytical and problem-solving skills.  Organised Case Quest 2.0, a high-impact event that garnered 200+ registrations, 22,000+  impressions, and attracted esteemed judges from prominent companies.  Demonstrated leadership by overseeing end-to-end execution of case-study initiatives, fostering a  collaborative team environment and achieving notable engagement. Awarded with 5+ titles, Letter of Recommendation, and Certificate of Excellence. Promoted as Team Leader for showcasing exceptional efforts, determination, performance   Leading a dynamic team of 15+ members, orchestrating content writing sessions focused on  optimizing techniques to elevate the teams proficiency. consistency, and closing deals confidently; where my team generated a Rs.30k+ on average.  optimizing  Successfully crafted and managed 50+ impactful social media posts content, contributing to enhanced brand visibility and engagement.  Led mini-events for Incendo and Markoverse, showcasing versatility in event management.  Recognized for exemplary social media marketing skills for the Live Project  Doveio, A clothing business brand earning a certificate of appreciation for contributions to projects success.    Captured the transformative journey of raising awareness and conducting interactive activities on  Earth Day for MCD school children in a documentary.   Utilized OLS estimation in Gretl software to analyze the impact of imports, health expenditures, and      Completed training in MS Excel Course: Beginner to Advanced level from Intern Shala. gross fixed capital formation on GDP through econometrics regression modelling. COURSEWORK  Executed a comprehensive Accenture North America Data Analytics and Visualization  simulation by Forage, showcasing expertise in advising a social media client, analyzing 7 datasets, and delivering strategic insights through a power point deck and video presentation. 2023 2023 2023 2024 2022 2024 SOFT SKILLS HOBBIES Communication, Problem-solving, Time management, Leadership, Teamwork, Work ethic, and Adaptability. Playing guitar, Chess, Badminton, and Canvas painting.