MANJUNATHA C Accounts Officer Career Objective RESUME Phone Email Location : 9743300462 : manjuc29@gmail.com : Bengaluru, India To prove myself as an asset for the organization by working with dedication on the best of my ability and to achieve goal of the organization. I am working with and also attending to work such an organization where he scope of myself improvement and enhancement of knowledge is possible into groom myself as a better person in terms of handling responsibilities facing challenge and meeting targets. Key Skills Profile Summary  Accounts Payable Process.  Preparing & filing of E-invoices, GSTR-1 and GSTR-3B statements.  GSTR-2A and GSTR-2B reconciliation.  Bank Reconciliation and vendor reconciliation.  Assisting in Audits.   Maintenance of Books of Accounts. Intercompany accounting. Technical Skills  Proficient in Microsoft Office (Advanced Excel, Word and PPT)  Updated with latest computer applications  Well versed in using of MS Teams, Zoom and Google meets Certification  Tally  Basic of Computer and D.T.P Languages Known  Kannada  English  Telugu  Hindi Highly motivated and detail oriented B.com graduate with 14 years experience (4 years 6 months worked as an Accounts Assistant/Executive and 9 years as Senior Office Assistant in a Central Government Office). in accounts payable Having experience process, preparation and uploading of E- invoices, GSTR-1, GSTR-3B statements, in month end process and assisting preparation of statement, flow cash assisting in preparation of statement for bank preparation payments, reconciliation, maintaining of accounts. Assisting in audits, liaising with external auditors and providing supporting documents and clarifications. of books Educational Information B.Com  Commerce (Grade - 55%) 2007 Bangalore University 12th (Grade  67.50%) 2004 Department P.U Education, Karnataka 10th (Grade  62.56%) 2002 Karnataka Examination Board Secondary Education Work Experience o Accounts Officer at Geodesic Techniques Pvt. Ltd. From November-2022 to Present  Preparing and uploading of E-invoices, GSTR-1 and GSTR-3B statements along with GSTR-2A and GSTR-2B reconciliation.  Managing accounts payable function, accurately processing invoices, and reconciling vendor statements.  Assisting in preparation of statement for bank payments and updating bank entries and bank reconciliation.  Assisting in audits, liaising with external auditors and providing necessary documentation and explanations.  Assisting in month end process and preparation of cash flow statement.  Managing of credit card reconciliation and Inter-company reconciliation.  Handling petty cash and entering cash vouchers. o Senior Office Assistant-Finance at ICAR-Indian Institute of Horticultural Research From March-2013 to September-2022  Prepared planned budget statements and budget estimates (5 year plans and Yearly plans) relating to the project.  Prepared fund release statements and monthly expenditure statements.  Assisted in organizing of annual group meetings, compilation and printing of reports and others office related work assigned by the Project Coordinator. o Accounts Executive at Karuturi Global Limited From March-2012 to August-2012  Prepared bank payments and bank reconciliation statement.  Updated sales, purchase and journal vouchers in Tally.  Prepared and filed of sale tax returns.  Handled petty cash and other office related work. o Accounts Executive at Mphasis an HP Company From November-2010 to December-2011  Accounts Payable Process (Invoice processing through Oracle). o Audit Assistant at Chartered Accountant- Gopal Raghavan From March-2009 to May-2010  Prepared and filed of sale tax returns.  Maintained books of accounts.  Prepared bank reconciliation and vendor reconciliation. Personal Information Name Father name Date of Birth Marital Status Sex Nationality Permanent Address : Manjunatha. C : Chikkahanumaiah : 29-09-1986 : Married : Male : Indian : Manjunatha C S/o Chikkahanumaiah Hayagriva Layout, Donnekallu Vasantha Nagara, Hesaraghatta Bengaluru-560088 : Playing Volleyball Hobbies I am confident that, I can perform the job assigned effectively and I am excited about the idea of working for a dynamic and recognized organization. I hereby state that, information provided is true to the best of my knowledge. Thanking you Date: Place: Bengaluru Yours faithfully, (Manjunatha. C)