Project management | Project Coordination | Account Management | Client Servicing Agile | Scrum | Resource Allocation | Team Handling | Stakeholder Management WORK EXPERIENCE Kirti Rana Ezeiatech System Pvt Ltd, Gurugram, India, Jan 2021 - Present Project Manager  Working as a Program person making sure that every requirement is fulfilled, and application/software is developed as per the client needs.  Ensure flawless execution of client projects through consistent communication with internal and external team members.  Capturing each and every requirement and conveying the same to the tech team and getting that done in the proposed time with proper QA.  Regular follow ups with client and other stakeholders to capture the feedback and user experience.  Coordinating activities across different organizational functions  Lead the planning, execution, and closing of projects, ensuring adherence to project scope, schedule  Provide on-site leadership for project team by building and motivating team members to meet project goals, adhering to their responsibilities and project milestones  Conduct regular project meetings, including kick-off meetings, status meetings, and post-project reviews.  Coordinate cross-functional teams to ensure alignment of project activities and timely resolution of issues.  Monitor project performance and provide regular updates to stakeholders on project status, risks, and issues.  Regularly sending timesheets of every resource deployed at client side for smooth billing.  Connecting and allocating various teams/members whenever there is some ad hoc requirement or any escalation of any project.  Pro actively aligning the resources in order to complete the tasks on time.  Conducting daily standup meetings to make things happen on time.  Maintaining every meeting/discussion/minutes to keep track of the project.  Responsible for resource allocation as and when required in any of the projects.  Handling and responsible for the QA team and making sure that every QA need is taken care of. Be it the deployment of qa resource on the client side or a requirement for an in-house project. Avalon Info System Pvt Ltd, Delhi, India, Aug 2019  Dec 2020 Sr. Quality Analyst & Project Coordinator  Working as a Program person making sure that every requirement is fulfilled, and application/software is developed as per the client needs.  Working as a quality analyst and making sure that every requirement is being implemented and application is working as per the program needs.  Responsible for all the manual testing of assigned applications/products.  Conducting demo sessions for clients and other stakeholders to showcase the progress.  Capturing each and every requirement and conveying the same to the tech team and getting that done in the proposed time with proper QA.  Regular follow ups with client and other stakeholders to capture the feedback and user experience.  Working with tech team to make sure that every product is running smoothly across different OS/Browsers/devices.  Conducting daily scrum meetings to make things happen on time.  Maintaining every meeting/discussion/minutes over Jira Confluence.  Quality check for everything on staging/dev environment before going live.  Regular follow ups with tech team to make sure that we meet every deadline which is promised.  Direct POC for clients for all the concerned projects. Handling queries, resolving issues for client.  Working as a content writer (Workflows, User manuals) also for the projects which are assigned.  Reporting directly to CTO. ScoopWhoop Media Private Limited, Delhi, India, Aug 2017  Aug 2019 Senior Associate - Quality Control  Responsible for all the QA of assigned applications/products.  Was very actively involved in the launch of SW Ecom division. Worked in different areas on this project (SEO, creation of many pages via Ecom CMS, quality and tracking of the product)  Capturing each and every requirement and conveying the same to the tech team and getting that done in the proposed time with proper QA.  Worked as an acting Project Manager also for few months in the absence of any Tech leader in SW Tech team. In this period I was reporting directly to CEO/Director.  Worked with tech team to make sure that every product is running smoothly across different OS/Browsers/devices.  Quality check for everything on staging/dev environment before going live.  Regular follow ups with tech team to make sure that we meet every deadline which is promised.  Worked with writers also if our in-house products needed any upgrade as per their need. Cognizant Technology Solutions, Client Location (Google, Gurgaon, India) Sep 2015  May 2017 Senior Process Executive / Quality Assurance Specialist  Worked in the Quality Assurance team, as Specialist.  Supervised the check on the quality of various types of ads (expanding, floating, in-page, YouTube, video, image, etc.), to ensure Ads run properly on every platform like Windows, Apple Mac, iPhone, Android Devices, iPad and Android tablet. Also certified that all the guidelines thus set by Google, as met and quality standards are met.  Functioned as Subject Matter Expert (SME) for QAS process and steered the cumulative efforts of the team  Handled the scrubbing the queue and defined priorities for the various tasks.  Worked closely with the Team Lead, and handled escalations raised by Google Account Managers. Assigned the tasks and monitored the performance of the team members.  Conducted Quality Check of the cases/tasks completed by the team.  Maintained and updated various types of process sheets for the team, including Learning Management System and Reporting Format, helping folks by giving feedback to them while scrutinizing their work.  Maximized the productivity of the team by picking more cases and meet every task within the given TAT. Also, reported the performance of every team member to the team lead.  Prepared daily, weekly, monthly data sheet of my team.  Worked as the member of the Google AdWords Campaign Implementation team  Handled various task related to the Google AdWords, which includes creating different types of campaigns, ad copies, ad groups, etc.  Worked on Google Policies Process (CMC)  Addressed the queried raised by Google External Clients regarding Google policies which concerned their ads (approval and disapproval) Tassoti Communications Pvt. Ltd (Sigma Test & Research Centre), Delhi, India, Sep 12  Jan15 Team Lead - Online Marketing  Led Google AdWords Account and managed the complete SEO, Content Optimization and SEM assignments for all the in-house projects.  Led On Page Optimization - Unique Meta Tag, Title Tag, Keyword Tag, Description Tag, Single H1, Single H2, XML Sitemap, Image Alt Tag, Image Optimization, Image Tag, Anchor Texts Link, Internal Links, Blog Setting, Robots.Txt  Regular monitoring the performance of all the websites via tools like Google Webmaster, Google Analytics, etc.  Reported and analyzed the web analytics via tools like Webmaster, Google Analytics, etc.  Coordinated with the various teams for redesigning/restructuring of current/future projects.  Monitored the outsourced email & video campaigns for the projects, supervising their execution and performance.  Resolved the Errors of Google Webmaster like Crawl Errors, Html Suggestions.  Managed the paid accounts of Justdial, Indiamart, Tradeindia,etc. for all the projects.  Handled the team, managed work-allocation and delivery of SEO assignments and checked on daily performance.  Provided training and guidance to the team members on new techniques and solving queries. Webrex Technologies, Delhi, India Feb 2010  Mar 2012 SEO Executive  Worked independently on various clients projects for SEO optimization.  Handled the on-page / off-page optimization all the allocated websites.  Regularly communicated with the clients CERTIFICATIONS  CSM from Scrum Alliance  Certificant ID: 001135346 | Completed the Certified Scrum Master Training.  IT project management course from ISB ACHIEVEMENTS  Cognizant - Promoted as an acting SME soon after coming into production.  Cognizant - Awarded Hall of Fame Spotlight Award (Performance Excellence) for the month of Feb 2016 & Mar 2016. EDUCATION 2012 2010 Master of Computer Applications (MCA) Sikkim Manipal University of Health, Medical, and Technological Sciences Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) Sikkim Manipal University of Health, Medical, and Technological Science CONTACT INFORMATION  Mobile - 7838464573  Email - kirtiranatinny@gmail.com  Current Location - Delhi NCR