Mohamed Muneer OBJECTIVE EXPERIENCE Results-driven Recruitment Consultant known for high productivity and efficient task completion. Specialize in candidate sourcing and client relationship management. Excel in negotiation, communication, and problem-solving to meet both candidate needs and organizational goals. Approach challenges with patience and adaptability, ensuring optimal outcomes in fast-paced environments. Skilled Human Resources Specialist with background in managing comprehensive HR tasks, including recruitment and employee relations. Adapt at navigating complex HR software systems to streamline administrative processes. SKILLS  New Hire Onboarding  Human Resources Support  Recruitment  Cold-calling  Performance Tracking  Contract Negotiation  Client Relations  Candidate Sourcing  Talent Acquisition  Staffing Agency Coordination  Teamwork and Collaboration NOV 2022 - PRESENT RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT - Elios Recruitment India Pvt Ltd  Bengaluru, India  Sourcing, attracting, and qualifying candidates and inviting them to register with us.  Meeting and exceeding KPIs and gross profit targets.  Ongoing account management of your placements, check-ins to ensure continued candidate placements.  Maximizing candidate utilization and ensuring database records remain up to date and accurate.  Screening them as per the requirement.  Day - Day Activity of a Recruiter  Provided detailed feedback to both clients and candidates after interviews, facilitating continuous improvement in the recruitment process.  Adhering to best practice to ensure prior to deployment, candidates meet all mandatory safeguarding, training, and compliance requirements and adhere to commercial, legal, financial, and data protection requirements.  Perform end-to-end recruitment of healthcare professionals for assigned vacancies, with a wide range of salaries and job titles.  Coordinated interviews between clients and candidates to ensure seamless scheduling and communication throughout the process.  Negotiated competitive compensation packages on behalf of clients and candidates to ensure successful placements. MAY 2021  SEP 2022 HR Recruiter - Susanniya Placement  Dubai, UAE  Creating recruitment and manpower-related reports on a monthly and weekly basis, or as required.  Associating with the PRO for the completion of licensing process (DHA/ MOH/    HAAD) until Visa stamping process Identify required skills, experience, and competencies, as well as other intangible job profile preferences. Leverage a range of sources relevant to the job, such as universities, job boards, LinkedIn Recruiter, Google search, and other social media. Identify key diversity sourcing tools to ensure we are attracting a diverse pool of talent.  Partnering with HR and hiring professionals, develop a deep understanding of assigned positions.  Coordinated schedules to arrange management interviews with applicants.  Collaborated with hiring managers to identify talent needs and develop effective job descriptions.  Managed full-cycle recruiting processes, resulting in successful placements and employee satisfaction.  Design behavioural-based interviewing guides, based on core and functional competencies, and present qualified candidates to hiring managers.  Employee Investigations  Follow up and coordinate the entire interview process, including personal  Recruitment and hiring  Personnel Recruitment  Microsoft Office  Recruitment Management  Self-Motivation  Adaptability  Active Listening ADDRESS DS Max Silver Bell Apt, Tunga Nagar, Bangalore 560091 PHONE 6363191398 EMAIL Muneermr1991@gmail.com interviews.  Negotiate salary and contract with selected candidates.  Responsible for sourcing, shortlisting, managing the interview process, rolling out offers, negotiation, and handholding the candidates until they are on board.  Comprehensive and targeted headhunting and extensive networking to reach out to prospective candidates.  Meeting with Director and Higher authorities of companies.  Negotiating and closing business deals with prospective clients all over the UAE.  Collaborated with managers to identify and address employee relations issues.  Communicating with clients to understand their needs and offer solutions to their problems.  Pre-screened resumes prior to sending to corporate hiring managers for consideration.  Maintaining client activities in CRM.  Developing and presenting proposals customized for each client's specific business needs. SEP 2019  MAY 2020 Senior HR Recruiter - Home vista Decor & Furnishings PVT LTD, Bengaluru, India AUG 2016  AUG 2019 HR Recruiter - Aqua Tourism, Bengaluru, India JUNE 2014  JULY 2016 Customer Advisor (Sales Executive) - Concorde Motors, Bengaluru, India JAN 2013  JUNE 2016 Customer Support Executive - Serco BPO, Bengaluru, India EDUCATION Janardan Rai Nagar Rajasthan Vidyapeeth | Bengaluru, India A Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) - 2018 DISCLAIMER I hereby declare that the above-mentioned data are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. And also I assure that if you provide me an opportunity to serve in your esteemed institution, I will discharge my duties sincerely and honestly in the better interests of your Organization. REFERENCES Available upon request.