 mukulbaghel | (cid:239) Mukul baghel | # montybaghel1513@gmail.com | H +91 7999351739 Mukul Baghel Summary Python and Java developer specializing in machine learning, skilled in scalable applications, data process- ing, and model deployment. Work Experience Wordpress Developer - BRAGTECH June 2023 - August 2023 Assisted in developing and maintaining WordPress websites using HTML, CSS, PHP, and WordPress CMS. Collaborated on new features, troubleshooting, and performance optimization. Participated in code reviews, debugging, and effective team communication. Showed eagerness to learn and contributed high-quality work within timelines. Java Development - OASIS INFOBYTE March 2024 - April 2024 Participated in a dynamic Java Development internship, developing scalable software solutions and col- laborating on Java-based applications. Gained experience in Agile methodologies, coding, debugging, testing, and software development best practices Projects Geargrid  Full Stack Ecommerce application Developed an e-commerce app with Payload CMS and Next.js, enhancing user engagement, and built an admin panel with real-time analytics, inventory management, and order tracking. Plagiarism Analyzer The project is a simple plagiarism analyzer implemented in Python. It utilizes TF-IDF (Term Frequency- Inverse Document Frequency) vectorization and cosine similarity to identify potential cases of plagiarism among a set of text documents ECG CLASSIFICATION Developed and evaluated an ECG classification program for the CHaRIS database using time domain, frequency domain, and wavelet transform (WT) features to enhance accuracy. Assessed model effectiveness with a confusion matrix, aiming to advance classification methodologies and their practical application. EDA On IMDB Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) refers to the critical process of performing initial investigations on data to discover patterns,to spot anomalies,to test hypothesis and to check assumptions with the help of summary statistics and graphical representations. Certification RASVERSE:IDEAFIND+ Google Cloud Essentials Introduction to Cybersecurity Cisco DevOps Essentials IEEE VIT Vellore Google Cloud Skills Boost Google Cloud Skills Boost Skills Languages Known: C++, C, Python, JavaScript, Java, HTML, TypeScript. Databases: SQL, MongoDB.