BOMMI DEEKSHITHA 7200386990 bommideekshitha@gmail.com Deekshitha https://github.com/BommiDeekshitha CAREER OBJECTIVE  Enthusiastic and seeking a responsible and challenging career opportunity to utilize my skills and abilities, offering professional growth and ensuring my future EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering (CGPA-8.81) 2021  2025 Chennai, Tamil Nadu PROJECTS Vaxboxer | ReactJS, NodeJS, Express, MYSQL  https://github.com/BommiDeekshitha/vaxboxer  View live - https://covid-booking.vercel.app  Vaxboxer includes features such as booking vaccine slots and user-friendly website with the secure user authentication. Integration with vaccination databases for seamless verification of the users data.  Fitness Tracker | ReactJS, NodeJS, MongoDB  https://github.com/BommiDeekshitha/Fitness-Website  Developed a fitness application for Fitness enthusiasts, offering easy navigation and sections covering workouts nutrition, community forums, personalized fitness plans  Aims to provide valuable resources and services for individuals looking to improve their fitness ANPR Model | Python, OCR  https://github.com/BommiDeekshitha/ANPR-MODEL  This project is to aimed at detecting the theft vehicles with 80 percent accuracy.  Extracting their license plate information using Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology.  Users vehicle can be detected by number plate recognition, and registering the complaint on our site so that the complaint in redirect to the police station. EXPERIENCE Solar Secure Solution Web development Intern Aug2022-Nov2022  Designed distinctive exercise tracking website for various users.  Developed a full-stack web application using React, NodeJS, MongoDB with a effective UI.  Created engaging and impactful tracking that effectively communicate with the users of their results. Learn Smashers  Web development Intern June2023July2023  Gained insightful knowledge on Web development.  Developed an efficient and high-performing website using ReactJS, ensuring a smooth and effective  user experience and its a virtual internship. Integrated advanced API calls, resulting in a notable 30% improvement in page loading speed, enhancing overall website responsiveness. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming skills: Java.  Web Development: Reacts, NodeJS, Express JS, MySQL.  Tools: Figma, VS Code. CERTIFICATIONS  NPTEL - Programming in Java  CISCO - CCNA1, Python programming, Cybersecurity Essentials, Packet Tracer  Udemy - Full Stack web Development.  Coursera - Introduction to JavaScript, NodeJS for Beginners ACHIEVEMENTS  Top 11th finalist in NIT Jalandhar Hackathon.  Microsoft Student Ambassadors Alpha batch.  Awarded with the 3rd price in Ideathon startup Event.