Arjun Bhushan Email: arjun.official0575@gmail.com LinkedIn, GitHub, Hackerank Mob. No: +91 7827031971 Skills  Programming Language: Python, C++, Java, SQL  Programming Frameworks: Py torch, OpenCV, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn  Technologies: Deep Learning, Computer Vision, Weights and biases, Docker, Git, GCP  Languages: English (Full Professional proficiency), Hindi (Native), Malayalam (Native), Japanese (Elementary Proficiency) Projects  Vehicle Detection and Tracking: Collaborated on a vehicle detection and tracking system using Yolo V8 and Supervision which helped recognize traffic patterns and vehicle density with a 95% accuracy rate.  Sentiment Analysis ML Project for Product Reviews: This project classifies product reviews as positive, negative, or neutral using machine learning with over 90% accuracy.  Amazon E-commerce site: This project replicates the core features of Amazon's e-commerce platform, including product listings, user accounts, and checkout processes, to demonstrate e- commerce development skills.  Recommendation System: Music and movie recommender systems using collaborative filtering on public datasets.  QR code generator: Engineered a user-friendly QR code generator that streamlined the process of creating codes for URLs and text; enhanced user experience led to a 40 % increase in engagement on digital wmarketing campaigns. Experience  Coincent Internship program o Azure AI Fundamentals: The course covered key AI concepts, including Azure ML, Azure CV, Azure NLP, with practical insights on using Microsoft Azure for AI solutions. o News classification using NLP: Designed a highly accurate news categorization tool using NLP techniques, enabling real time classification of articles, with a throughput of over 1000 articles per hour. o Face and eye Detection: Used Open CV and Haar cascade algorithm to accurately detect face and eye with an accuracy of 97%. o Vision Transformer: Implemented the Vision Transformer model for image classification by importing datasets, setting hyperparameters, applied data augmentation, created image patches, and developed the ViT classification model with an F1- score of 0.75. o Visualization Techniques: Created comprehensive visual reports using Power BI to track key performance indicators. o Landmark Detection: Identifies key features in images through a process of data collection, preprocessing, model training, evaluation, and refinement. Education  Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology India, Uttar Pradesh Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science AIML Graduation Date: June 2025  Kerala Education Society Senior Secondary School India, Delhi Class 12th; Science percentage: 82.4%; Graduation Date: June 2021