Sahil Sharma Software Engineer, Undergrad H +91 8738041298 | # rksahil1804@gmail.com | (cid:239) Sahil Sharma |  sahilsharma2184 Work Experience SRM University, AP. Research Intern  Applied POU and POAL algorithms in SCAN for robust code validation, enhancing open-source stan- Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 dards. Analyzed consensus algorithms, boosting adherence to open-source standards.  Implemented transparent consensus in SCAN, significantly increasing the validation of open-source usage claims and ensuring verifiability via blockchain-recorded results. Projects AWS Optimized Vprofile Project | Apache Tomcat, NGINX, RabbitMQ, Memcached, AWS  Implemented a global web app on AWS using Lift and Shift, integrating SaaS and PaaS solutions with key AWS components like EC2, Load Balancer, Autoscaling, S3, and Route 53.  Achieved a significant improvement in application performance and scalability through the implemen- tation of this AWS-based infrastructure and service architecture. QR Made Easy | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js  Developed an advanced application that prompts users for a URL input and subsequently generates and saves a text file containing the provided URL.  Implemented functionality to create a PNG file featuring a QR code for the URL, ensuring efficient and accurate URL storage and sharing through QR code technology. VoiceScript | AWS Lambda, AWS CloudWatch, AWS Lambda, AWS Transcribe, AWS S3  Built a speech-to-text system using AWS Transcribe, Lambda for serverless processing, and S3 for secure storage of audio/video inputs.  Implemented real-time monitoring with AWS CloudWatch for seamless operation and troubleshooting of transcription tasks. Technical Skills Programming Languages Python, C++, Java, Bash Scripting, JavaScript Technical Skills HTML, CSS, Node.js, Express.js, PostgreSQL, System Design, AWS, Ku- bernetes, Docker, Terraform, Ansible, CI/CD Pipeline, Jenkins Maven, Vagrant, Git, RabbitMQ, NGINX, Figma Developer Tools Certifications Micro-Certification - Welcome to ServiceNow  servicenow  2024 Foundations of Cybersecurity Google Certification  Coursera  2024 DESINEX 2.0  VIT-AP  2023 Education SRM University, Andhra Pradesh Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Sep 2021 - Jul 2025 CGPA: 8.89/10.0 Achievements / Extracurricular  Associate at Next Tech Lab.