Nazeer Mastan Basha  Nazeermastan | (cid:239) Nazeer Mastan Basha | # nazeermastan4@gmail.com | H 7993019577 Work Experience Summer Intern at CodeSwapSolutions  Worked for 2 months as summer intern.  Learnt Html,Css and Basics of Javascript, Enhanced skills.  Gained hands-on experience from the development of a full stack project with team. Summer Intern at College Tips - Public Relations  Promoted newly initiated company programs by providing key inputs and suggesting innovative strategies to enhance the companys public image.  Conducted market research to identify target audiences and effective promotional tactics.  Enhanced the communication and Creativity skills 80% Projects JARVIS - A.I. Desktop Voice Assistant  Developed a desktop voice assistant using SAPI 5, Python, HTML, and CSS.  Implemented voice command functionalities for performing basic tasks and conversational abilities.  Integrated several APIs and modules, resulting in a user-friendly interface and enhanced user inter- action. Predicting the Internet AD Clicks Using Machine Learning  We have used Internet Ad Dataset.  Also Visualized the Data.  Built a Ensembled ML Algo using Votings Classifier. Achieved 86% accuracy. Bengaluru Home Price Prediction  Developed a predictive model to forecast home prices in Bangalore based on factors such as location, property type, and amenities.  Implemented a user-friendly interface for interacting with the model.  Achieved a prediction accuracy of 85% aiding real estate decision-making. Basic Resource Monitor using Python  Developed a System Resource Monitor project to generate basic insights for monitoring and analyz- ing the resource utilization of computer systems.  Collected data on various system resources, including CPU usage, memory consumption, disk ac- tivity, and network traffic.  Presented resource utilization information in a user-friendly graphical interface.  Provided valuable insights into the systems performance. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 2018 - 2019 Class 10th BSEAP Intermediate BIEAP (GPA: 8.22) (951/1000) (GPA: 10/10) Skills Technical Skills  Programming Languages: Java, Python, SQL and Web Development  Frameworks: Numpys and Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn  Concepts: Machine Learning, Data Analytics and GenAI  Tools: Tableau, Excel, and Power BI  Documentation and Reporting: Proficient in creating comprehensive documentation and reports  Presentations: Skilled in presenting findings and insights to stakeholders  Communication Skills  Decision Making and Client Engagement  Problem Solving Certifications  Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2024 Generative AI Professional  Hacker rank Certifications on SQL(Intermediate),Java and Python  Accenture North America Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation on Forage - July 2024  Completed a simulation focused on advising a hypothetical social media client as a Data Analyst at Accenture.  Cleaned, modeled, and analyzed 7 datasets to uncover insights into content trends to inform strategic decisions.  Prepared a PowerPoint deck and video presentation to communicate key insights for the client and internal stakeholders.  Tata Data Visualization: Empowering Business with Effective Insights Job Simulation July 2024 Forage  Completed a simulation involving creating data visualizations for Tata Consultancy Services.  Prepared questions for a meeting with client senior leadership.  Created visuals for data analysis to help executives with effective decision-making.