Abhishek Kumar Thakur Contact no. +91 6203109188 Email: thakur11abhishek22@gmail.com | LinkedIn |Portfolio | GitHub CAREER OBJECTIVE Results-driven full stack web developer seeking to apply front-end and back-end expertise to contribute to innovative projects in a collaborative team environment." EDUCATION Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology 2020  2024 Information Technology CGPA: 8.89 2017  2019 80.8% R.K College, Madhubani Senior Secondary M.S.C High School 2016-2017 Higher Secondary 76.6% TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages Technologies Databases : MongoDB, MySQL. Others PROJECTS Ecommerce Website  Front End and Back End Development Tech Stack: JavaScript, Node.js Express.js, Tailwind CSS, MongoDB : GIT, Visual studio, bootstrap, Postman, JIRA : HTML5, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, Express Js, Tailwind CSS : C, C++, JavaScript  Frontend development using reactjs for creating interactive and responsive user interfaces.  Backend implementation built using Node.js and Express.js to handle API integrations, and database operations.  Database management utilized MongoDB as the database to store and manage product information and user data.  User authentication: Implemented user authentication and authorization using Sessions and JWT.  Product catalog, shopping cart functionality: Created a product catalog with features like search, filtering, and sorting. Real Time Chat Application | NodeJS, Socket Io, JavaScript The Real-Time Chat Application is a web-based messaging platform that allows users to communicate with each other in real- time. The app is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, and Socket.io to enable seamless, bi-directional communication between clients and the server. Users can join different chat rooms, send messages, and receive instant updates without the need for page refreshing. WORK EXPERIENCE Web developer Intern | Cod Soft  Developed scalable applications using Html, CSS, JavaScript optimizing database operations and enhancing application performance.  Worked on various backend technology including NodeJS, ExpressJs  Implemented comprehensive testing strategies, including unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests, ensuring the quality and reliability of the software. ACHIEVEMENTS Solved Basic and Intermediate Level of Exam on LeetCode Jun 2022  oct 2022 CERTIFICATION Full Stack Web development by PW Skill I hereby declare that all the above-mentioned information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. DECLARATION Place: New Delhi Signature/E-signature: Abhishek