Gnana Jaya Sree Addepalli  Jayasree | (cid:239) Jayasree | # addepalli.jayasree25@gmail.com | H +91 7993616222 Work Experience Data Analyst Intern - APSSDC 03/2023 - 05/2023  Explored and analyzed budgetary allocations for direct tax collection under the Ministry of Finance in India. Utilized Pythons data analysis tools such as Pandas, NumPy, and Matplotlib for in-depth analysis of budget data from official sources.  Conducted data cleaning, EDA, year-on-year comparison of budgetary allocations, and breakdown by tax components. Projects Github Bookshelf-Web-Application  Developed a web-based Bookshelf application to manage and display a collection of books. Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the front-end, with book data stored in JSON format. The application features dynamic content rendering, book search functionality, and responsive design.  Technologies :-99HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON. Scientific Calculator Github  Emphasizes user-friendly design, efficiency in computations, and adaptability to evolving user needs and technological advancements.Features precise calculations, robust error handling, graphical interface naviga- tion, and potential future updates for enhanced functionality.  Technologies: Java, Swing, ScriptEngine Data Modeling with Postgres Github  Focused on data modeling using PostgreSQL and developed an ETL pipeline with Python. Analyzed data from a music streaming app, which is collected in JSON format. Aimed to provide the analytics team with insights into user listening habits and song preferences.  Technologies :-99 PostgreSQL, Python, JSON. Position of Responsibility.  Event Co-ordinator - Techfest  Social Media Manager - Bragtech Skills Programming Languages DSA, C++, Python, Java, SQL Web Technologies Others Education JavaScript, HTML, CSS Git,Bootstrap Feb 2023 Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering, SRM University-AP CGPA: 8.59 HSC in Physics, Chemistry, & Mathematics, Bhashyam College ICSE, Loyola Public School Achievements Percentage: 94.7% Percentage: 80.0% 2021 - Present 2021 2019  Earned NPTEL certification in Database Management System with a 70% score.  Certified in AWS Cloud Practitioner for hands-on AWS services and cloud concepts expertise.  Certified in Data Analysis Using Python by APSSDC, enhancing skills in Python programming.  Progressed to Level 2 in the MachineKnight Season 02.  Micro-Certification - Welcome to ServiceNow.  Programming Essentials in Python - Cisco Networking Academy.