Email: Sumalatha.vasudev2520@gmail.com Sumalatha.V Mob: 8618892624 Place: Bensontown, Bangalore. OBJECTIVE: Seeking the position of HR generalist to maximize impact of HR practices on the strategic vision of the organization by incorporating 4 years of experience in the industry. Result-oriented, organized and innovative individual looking to establish HR as the key business partner of the organization. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: Degree BA 2nd PUC Diploma Institutaion/University Lal Bahadur shastri college, Bangalore Government college , Bangalore Year 2025 2018 MS. Ramaiah Polytechnic ,Bangalore Discontinued TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Software: Microsoft Office, Zing HR, Saral Paypack & Radar. STRENGTH:  Communication Skills  Commitment to work timely response  Leadership skills  Analytical skills Experience :  Quess Corp- Sr. HR Executive. April 2022- January-2023 Job responsibilities.  JOINING FORMALITIES: Joining formalities were handled by issuing joining forms, collecting and verifying their personal, educational and work related documents. Issuing appointment letters along with ID cards and bio-metric access.  INDUCTION: Giving explanation on the policies, procedure and culture followed by the company.  Maintaining Timesheet and leave records.  PAYROLL: Processing payroll on timely basis by fetching all the data from the HR tool MY RADAR.  APPRAISAL: Involved in appraisals & performance management review.  Employee Engagement  Taking the surveys in order to understand their engagement level and accordingly take actions.  Planning, Organizing and Conducting events and activities regularly or occasionally, Also involved in great place to work survey.  Handled POSH Complaints.  Resolving queries of employees on a daily basis & grievance handling.  Conducting Exit Interviews and Formalities with feedback.  Legacy Global Projects- HR Executive. Aug 2021- April 2022 Job responsibilities.   INTERVIEW: Understanding the manpower requisition from the concerned department and drafting an email to the recruitment team. Screening the candidates by conducting personal interviews. Communicating the employment status to the applied candidates and informing about the joining dates. JOINING FORMALITIES: Joining formalities were handled by issuing joining forms, collecting and verifying their personal, educational and work related documents. Issuing appointment letters along with ID cards and bio-metric access.  INDUCTION: Giving explanation on the policies, procedure and culture followed by the company.  Maintaining attendance and leave records.  PAYROLL: Processing payroll on timely basis manually.  Handling Compliance and statutory  APPRAISAL: Involved in appraisals & performance management review.  Employee Engagement  Taking the surveys in order to understand their engagement level and accordingly take actions.  Planning, Organizing and Conducting events and activities regularly or occasionally, Involved in making policies and updating new policy.  Resolving queries of employees on a daily basis & grievance handling.  Conducting Exit Interviews and Formalities with feedback.  Locality LMS Pvt Ltd HR executive. July 2018 to January 2020 Job responsibilities.   INTERVIEW: Understanding the manpower requisition from the concerned department and drafting an email to the recruitment team. Screening the candidates by conducting personal interviews. Communicating the employment status to the applied candidates and informing about the joining dates. JOINING FORMALITIES: Joining formalities were handled by issuing joining forms, collecting and verifying their personal, educational and work related documents. Issuing appointment letters along with ID cards and bio-metric access.  INDUCTION: Giving explanation on the policies, procedure and culture followed by the company.  Maintaining attendance and leave records.  PAYROLL: Processing payroll on timely basis by fetching all the data from the HR tool like SARAL PAYPACK.  APPRAISAL: Involved in appraisals & performance management review.  Employee Engagement  Taking the surveys in order to understand their engagement level and accordingly take actions.  Planning, Organizing and Conducting events and activities regularly or occasionally, Also involved in great place to work survey.  Resolving queries of employees on a daily basis & grievance handling.  Conducting Exit Interviews and Formalities with feedback.  Bloom Consulting Services, Inc  IT Recruiter. April 2016  March 2017 Job responsibilities in IT recruitment:  Experience in Handling the complete Recruitment Life Cycle.  Sourcing/Screening, Short-listing Profiles, Candidates Tracking and Follow-up, processing CV's, Updating / maintaining Internal Database.  Identifying the potential candidates through various sources like LinkedIn and Job Portals to fill the vacancies and stimulating them to apply for the jobs.  Reviewing recruitment policies to ensure effectiveness of selection techniques and recruitment programmers & suggesting changes for the same  Interacting with clients and coordinating with company HR in terms of interview. Building rapport with clients. PERSONAL DETAIL: Father Name Languages Known Date-Of-Birth. Marital Status Permanent Address : #19/1, 3rd cross Muddamma garden, Bensontown post Bangalore-46 : Vasudeva.T.P : English, Kannada & Telugu : 20/02/1996 : Married DECLARATION: I hereby declare that the above information and facts given to my knowledge is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Bangalore Signature: