Sneha Kamthekar Linkedin: https://linkedin.com/in/sneha-kamthekar-068b67205 Github: https://github.com/Sneha21-K Education  Trinity College of Engineering and Research Bachelor of Engineering - Information Technology; CGPA: 9.13  Sri Chaitanya Kalashala HSC ; Percentage: 90.4  Oxford The global School SSC ; Percentage: 94.8 Email: snehakamthekar2227@gmail.com Mobile: +91 8483039989 Pune 2020-2024 Hyderabad 2018-2020 Nanded 2018 Skills Summary  Technical Skills: Python, C++, SQL, Machine Learning,Data Science, Web Development.  Frameworks: Scikit,Qiskit, Keras, Bootstrap.  Tools: GIT,Github,Trello.  Soft Skills: Adaptive,Team work, Collaborative, Task Management. Internship  Edulyt India Data Analyst Intern Created a detailed analysis of credit card transactions and built an interactive dashboard using PowerBI. The dashboard created using PowerBI helped to analyse the various transactions in dataset efficiently.  Lets Grow More Data Science Intern Designed and implemented ML models which included Classification of Iris Flower. Prepared a model which helped in prediction of Stock Market using LSTM. Prepared a Image to Sketch Conversion Model using CV2 library. Remote Jan 2023-Feb 2023 Remote Aug 2023-Sept 2023  Oasis Infobyte Web development Intern Designed a landing page for food website using Html,CSS and Bootstrap. Built a temperature converter and portfolio website using Javascript ,Html,CSS and Bootstrap. Remote Aug 2022-Sept 2022 Projects  Hybrid Quantum Classical SVM for image classification : This is the final year project which is based on concepts of quantum computing. It is developed by using python and qiskit library. The aim of this project is to increase accuracy of classification than classical method. Further hardware is implemented for solving rubiks cube.The research paper written on this topic is accepted in IEEE.  Student Management System: The student management system is built using python where admin, teachers and students can manage their information. The database used for this project is sqlite.  Web Scraper for E-commerce: The web scraper for E-commerce websites is developed which made it easy to search for particular information about any product on the websites. This project is developed by using python.  Coffee Ordering Website : The website is built for ordering Coffee online. The frontend is developed using Bootstrap, html and CSS. Javascript is used as scripting language. This project is still under development. Certifications  Certification in Python  Certification in Oracle SQL  Certification in Agile Fundamentals  Certification in Data Science Languages  English  Marathi  Hindi Extra Curricular Activities  TNP Coordinator at TITANS : Managed and hosted training and placement drives as coordinator.  Technical Events Coordinator : Managed the technical event of the department. (Technowave)  Gold Medalist in International English Olympiad : Participated in the IEO exam and won gold medal twice.