Kartham Nithin Reddy k.nithin.2004@gmail.com 7981795460 Kartham Nithin Reddy nithin20045 karthamnithinreddy EDUCATION B.E. , Computer Science and Engineering, Chennai Institute of Technology,Chennai,Tamilnadu PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Codsoft, Web Developer Intern 2021  2025 Sep 2023  Oct 2023 Led the development of a full-stack application utilizing ReactJS ,HTML,CSS for the front-end. I have done 3 projects with simple frontend as a part of my internship. I have improved my web development skills from those projects. CISCO, Virtual Internship Program in Cybersecurity May 2023  Jun 2023 In this CISCO virtual internship I have completed Introduction to Cybersecurity,Cisco packet Tracer,and Cybersecurity Essentials. I have learn skills about Cybersecurity during my virtual internship. PROJECTS HotstarClone A web application mirroring Disney Plus offers users an experience akin to the popular streaming service. Provided users with an immersive experience by offering a diverse range of Disney movies, TV shows, and original content, resulting in a 35% increase in user engagement. Created a responsive interface that enables seamless access and exploration of Disney's extensive content collection across various devices, achieving a 40% improvement in platform accessibility. Facial Recognition Based Attendance System The Techstack used for the project is HTML, CSS, Python,and MySQL. Implemented features such as real-time tracking of attendance by identifying their face and i have ml algorithms to train the model. Key Features of the project are user management, Real time attendance, Attendance Display and Notifications. Achieved high accuracy of 45% in facial detection and recognition under varying conditions. Rentify The Techstack used for the project is HTML, CSS, Javascript, React, Nodejs and MySQL. To provide a seamless interface for landlords to list properties and for tenants to find and rent properties. The key features include user management, property listings,Search option,Booking management, payment integration and notifications. SKILLS Programming Languages Python,Java,C++ CERTIFICATES Web Development Cybersecurity Html,Css, Javascript,React,Node Js Wireshark,Burp Suite,Packet Tracer,NMAP,Linux Database Mysql Introduction to Networks(CCNA1)-CISCO Introduction to Containers,Docker-IBM Switching,Routing and Wireless Essentials (CCNA-2)- CISCO Web Development -Acmegrade Interactivity With Javascript - Coursera Web Development BootCamp - Udemy COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING PROFILE Leetcode Max Rating-1498 Codechef Max Rating-1139 Codeforces Max Rating -789 CGPA:9.25