NAMAN SOMANI +91 8769920927  Shahpura, Rajasthan, Jaipur 13nsomani@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/naman-somani OBJECTIVE As a mature and dependable professional, I am seeking an internship opportunity where I can leverage my strong interpersonal skills and dedication to teamwork. I am committed to taking on challenges head-on and am eager to embrace new experiences. My goal is to contribute positively to your organization while continuously growing and improving both personally and professionally. EDUCATION B-Tech in Electrical and Computer Engineering, Manipal University Jaipur Scored 9.64 GPA. Senior Secondary Education, S.R. Public Sr Sec. School Scored 86.6 percentage. Secondary Education, Indian Public School Scored 82.6 percentage. SKILLS Expected 2025 Class of 2020 Class of 2018 Technical Skills Soft Skills C/C++, MATLAB , Simulink, SQL, WebDev (JavaScript, CSS, ReactJS ) Strong problem-solving, Critical thinking, Adaptability, Attention to detail PROJECTS Portfolio Website Development. Key Skills: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL. Designed and developed a dynamic portfolio website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Developed features such as project galleries, skill showcases, and experience highlights to effectively present my work and expertise. Customized the website layout and functionalities to ensure a seamless user experience and optimized performance. Mar, 2024 - May, 2024 Designing an ESP-based Environmental Monitoring System with Blynk Integration. Key Skills: IOT, ESP, Arduino, Sensor interfacing, API integration. Enabled remote monitoring via Blynk app, aiding timely interventions. Established adaptable network for diverse sensors, laying groundwork for future IoT projects. Jan, 2024 Remote Pan and Tilt Camera Controller Project. Key Skills: IOT, ESP32-cam, Servo Interfacing. Directed a team in a project focused on designing and implementing a remotely operated Pan and Tilt Camera Controller using ESP-32 Module. Facilitated communication and coordination among team members to successfully integrate hardware and software components, resulting in a functional and efficient camera control system. Oct, 2023 - Dec, 2023 AWARDS AND SCHOLARSHIPS  Deans List Achiever for Semester 3, 4, 5. Awarded for achieving a CGPA of 9.5 and above.  TMA Pi Merit Scholarship for Academic Year 2021-22 , 22-23 and 23-24.. Awarded for obtaining the highest grade point in the academic year. HOBBIES  Robotics and IoT Projects: Passionate about building and experimenting with IoT devices and robotics, participating in related hackathons and workshops.  Coding Challenges: Enjoy solving coding problems on platforms like LeetCode and HackerRank to continu- ously improve my programming skills.