varunagarwal10.2@gmail.com (cid:135) 1010varun  1010varun.com  1010varun 1010varun (cid:211) +916396143434 Varun Agarwal Education  KIET Group of Institutions Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering  St.Pauls School Intermediate Skills Aug21 - May25 CGPA: 8.5 March 2021 GPA: 9.5  Languages:  Libraries/Frameworks: Tailwind, React, Redux, Node, Express, Mongo, Django, Flask, Next, Postgress, MySQL, Redis  Tools: C, C++, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Shell script Docker, Kubernetes, AWS Work Experience  DAO Studio Backend and SRE Intern Oct23 - Current  Implemented RESTFull APIs using Django & Flask to facilitate seamless communication between various microservices.  Dockerized multiple microservices to create a containerized environment, enhancing deployment efficiency.  Implemented CI/CD pipelines for automated testing, building, and deployment, reducing manual intervention and accelerating the release cycle.  Configured and maintained monitoring and logging solutions for docker containers, using Grafana, to track system performance, troubleshoot issues, and ensure optimal resource utilization.  Utilized AWS services such as EC2, S3, and RDS to create a resilient and scalable infrastructure for microservices. Open source contributions  Samagra UCI APIs #188 #191 #194  Created specs for controllers and services using TypeScript and the Jest framework of Nest, providing a test coverage of 79%.  Palisadose Talawa Admin #1185  Implemented a Github Action and a python script which will check all the translational files in the PR. Projects  IWOC 2.0 Github  Developed a website using Node.js and Express for the backend, integrated with MongoDB, facilitating the registration of over 1500 students nationwide.  Implemented GitHub OAuth Login using passportJS on the website to authenticate participants, effectively reducing instances of fake registrations.  Created a Node.js script to systematically track and log all merged pull requests in participation projects using Octokit to query Github REST APIs.  Technologies: Node, Experss, EJS, PassportJS, Octokit, Github oAuth, MongoDB, AWS.  URL Shortner Github  Designed and developed a URL shortener utilizing Django REST APIs and PostgreSQL as backend. Also, implemented Redis as a caching database to optimize performance.  Utilized Redux to manage user context, enabling seamless login experiences and personalized URL generation for individual users.  Technologies: Django, React, Redux, PostgresSQL, Redis, AWS(EC2).  Visual Cipher Github  Developed a website using Node.js and Express for the backend, integrated with MongoDB.  Incorporated cryptoJS AES for secure encryption and decryption of images.  Technologies: Node, Experss, React, Redux cryptoJS, MongoDB, Unsplash-API.  Innogeeks Website Backend Github  Developed the backend for innogeeks website using Django and PostgresSQL.  It is a dynamic event website maker, enabling authorized students to create and manage events, including student registration functionalities, ensuring secure access and streamlined event management.  Technologies: Django, Jinja, PostgresSQL, AWS. Participation  Innogeeks  Core Team Member of Innogeeks technical Society.  Mentored 30+ students under web domain.