VIKANSHU CHAUHAN Email: vikanshuchauhan446@gmail.com Roll No: 2101330130147 Mobile: +919528798086 B-Tech IT LinkedIn Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology GitHub PROFILE SUMMARY Dynamic and results-driven B.Tech fourth year student with a Bachelor's degree in Information Technology. Procient in programming languages such as Python, Java and SQL with a solid understanding of data structures and algorithms with hands-on experience through internships and academic projects. Strong problem-solving skills, a quick learner, and a team player with a passion for creating ecient and scalable software solutions. Seeking an entry-level position to apply technical skills and contribute to innovative projects in the software industry. Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Nov 2021 - June 2025 B Tech Information Technology Percentage - 85 S. S. Children Academy April 2019 - July 2021 UP Board of Senior Secondary(10+2) Education Percentage - 75 EDUCATION  Languages: JAVA, Python, JavaScript  Frameworks/Library: React JS, Express JS, Node JS, Bootstrap  Tools: Git and Github, Vscode, Knime, Intellj idea, Pycharm SKILLS SUMMARY  Area of Interest Web Development, Data Structure and Algorithm(DSA), OOPs.  Soft Skills: Flexible, Co-operative, Team Player and Interpersonal skill. PROJECTS Potato Leaf Disease Detection | LINK January 24 - March 2024  Developed a potato leaf disease detection system using machine learning and computer vision techniques, achieving over 98% accuracy in identifying diseases like late blight, early blight, and potato virus Y. Implemented a user-friendly interface allowing farmers to easily upload leaf images and receive disease diagnosis results.   TensorFlow and OpenCV for model development and image processing, ensuring robust performance.  The system empowers farmers with ecient and reliable tools to protect their potato crops, enhancing agricultural productivity and sustainability. WANDERLUST(Website) | LINK September 23- October 2023  Developed and launched Wanderlust, a full-stack Airbnb-like website, utilizing Express.js for server-side logic, Node.js for   backend development, and MongoDB for database management. Implemented CRUD operations for user listings, bookings, and reviews, ensuring a seamless and dynamic user experience. Integrated secure user authentication and authorization using Passport.js, allowing users to sign up, log in, and manage their profiles safely. Real-Time Chat Application| LINK April 24- May 2024  Developed a robust chat application using React and Firebase, enabling real-time messaging with instant updates across multiple clients.  Utilized Firebase Firestore for efficient data storage and retrieval, ensuring seamless user experience with low latency.  Integrated Firebase Authentication to manage user sign-ups, logins, and secure access control, enhancing application security and user data protection. Implemented OAuth providers (Google, Facebook, etc.) for a streamlined authentication process, improving user convenience and onboarding.  CERTIFICATES Python Basics | CERTIFICATE January 2022  Mastered fundamental Python syntax, proficiently utilizing control flow, loops, functions, and data structures. Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript (IBM) | CERTIFICATE November 2023  Learned about the HTML, CSS and JavaScript Functions and build Projects. Introduction to NoSQL Databases (IBM) | CERTIFICATE April 2023  Learned about the uses of NoSQL Database. AWARDS/ACHIEVEMENTS  Completed Internshala Core Java training with a score of 92 percent and develop tic-tac-toe game.  Solving 150+ Problems on coding platforms like LeetCode, Coding Ninja, GFG.  Developing a Weather Forecast Device in Xmble-NIET, a tech-fest program.  Completed 5+ Coursera Certificates on Coursera.