Deepak Bisht DeepakBisht2995@gmail.com 8860078340 Delhi LinkedIn Portfolio EXPERIENCE Product Manager Intern June 2024 - Present Alphahive Anchors Private Limited  Improved the flow of the entire CLAT platform for both the brand and creator sides, resulting in a 30% increase in user satisfaction.  Worked on Building a new feature allowing creators to view other creators' collaboration posts, increasing creator engagement by 40%.  Enhanced the onboarding process for creators, reducing onboarding time by 25%.  Implemented changes that streamlined the user experience, resulting in a 20% increase in user retention. Flutter Developer Intern NexGen Innovators April 2024 -June 2024,  Developed mobile applications using the Flutter framework, focusing on user interface and user experience design.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams including product managers, designers, and developers to deliver high-quality products within project timelines.  Conducted user research and gathered feedback to iterate on product features and improve user satisfaction.  Assisted in product planning, including defining project scope, objectives, and deliverables.  Developed and deployed a mobile application using Flutter that increased user engagement by 25% through the integration of seamless UI components and efficient state management techniques. INVOLVEMENT Coordinator of Technical club Tecnia Institute of Advanced Studies September 2023  Present  Coordinated multiple technical events that attracted over 500 participants, enhancing club visibility and engagement.  Led a team of 15 club members in organizing events, resulting in a 30% increase in member participation.  Analysed event feedback and data to identify improvement areas, leading to a 20% increase in event quality.  Introduced innovative ideas that increased participant satisfaction by 25% by increasing event engagement.  Managed resources effectively, optimizing budget allocation and equipment usage, reducing costs by 15%. CERTIFICATIONS Product Strategy micro-certification Product School SKILLS  2024 Product Thinking, User-Experience Product Strategy, User Research, Market Research, Figma, Requirement Gathering, Wireframing, Data Analysis, Cross-functional Collaboration, Communication Skills, Problem Solving, HTML/CSS, Flutter, Bloc, REST API, Software Development Lifecycle, MS Office, Python, Dart. EDUCATION Tecnia Institute of Advanced Studies New Delhi Bachelor of computer application  CGPA: 7.0/10 Oct. 2022  Sep.2025