Prabhut Aditya Backend Developer/Machine Learning Developer (PYTHON DEVELOPER) Targeting Back-end Developer roles with an organization of high repute with a scope of improving knowledge and further career growth. Contact Profile Summary prabhutaditya@gmail.com +91 7091199665 https://www.linkedin.com/in/prabhut- aditya-515960202/ o A detail-oriented professional with experience of nearly a year in back-end Software Development in the ecommerce and Pathology Industry. o Experienced as a Django Backend Intern at Grayfox Multi-trade Pvt Ltd, showcasing proficiency in Django MVT Arch. and Python fundamentals, leading to successful project outcomes. o Experienced in ML/DL model as part of the Machine learning internship program with Academic Details o Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.) Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning GGSIPU, New Delhi; CGPA: 8.766 (2025) Soft Skills Analytical | Collaborator | Leader | Adaptable Technical Skills o Programming Languages: JavaScript, Python, Java, PowerBI, Mongo- DB,HTML,CSS o Frameworks: Nodejs, DjangoRestFramework,Keras Express, Django, Tensorflow, Core Competencies Model Development Data Analytics CODSOFT o Have an experience working in Team and in short deadlines. o Contributed in various projects during my internship Programme and as a participant in different hackathons. Work Experience Full-stack Developer Intern Grayfox Multi-trade Pvt. Ltd., KOLKATA May 2023  March 2024 Django Backend Intern StarMart.ca, CANADA Remote April 2024- May 2024 Responsibilities: o Designed and implemented an Ecommerce and a Pathology software in Django to o enhance edge server health monitoring and alerting capabilities. Led the development of API' s for Waste Management project in Express to configure Comment Section over Web socket using Socket IO. o Being a member for year 2022-23 of IEEE provides a lot of opportunities and interactions with geeks helping to grab a lot of knowledge. o Gained a lot of experience in new technologies developed by Google for the web development projects in Google developer students club web-dev intern for year2022Q3. Achievements: o Winner of the Hackathon organized by the IEEE SB GTBIT named "Make It Happen" with the help of my precious Team "The Hideaway" on August 20 2022. Django Restful Framework o 2nd runner-up in Hackathon organized by IEEE AGDTIM named T HACK 5.0 on October 13th 2022. Debugging GitHub AWS Deep Learning Natural Language Processing Web Development Personal Details Date of Birth: 13th Jan 2003 Languages Known: English, Hindi Certifications o Qualified the Data Science Certification course by VERZEO as an initiative of our college GTBIT(GGSIPU). o Completed the Machine Learning Certification course organized by IIIT AIlahabad. Projects o ML Projects SMS Spam Prediction, Text Generation NLP Task, Movie Genre Prediction Ref: https://www.kaggle.com/prabhutaditya o Web Dev Projects Django Backend in https://labops.in/ and currently working in StarMart Ecommerce. Address: New Delhi, Delhi