DISHANT SHARMA (cid:131) 6397795969 # dishant.2125csit1046@kiet.edu (cid:239) dishant-sharma  dishant-sharma Education Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University,Lucknow: AKTU Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology Delhi Public School, Bareilly Intermediate(PCM): 83% , Matriculation: 79% Professional Experience BrainBits Public Relaton Head Nov 2021  July 2025 Ghaziabad, UP, India Apr 2011  July 2020 Bareilly, UP, India Nov 2020  Present Ghaziabad, UP, India  Our community strives to deliver optimal resources and authentic guidance to individuals through our accomplished mentors. Weve orchestrated over 20 free sessions, facilitated 3+ Hackathons, and initiated specialized sessions with 10+ highly skilled mentors, all geared towards empowering and equipping our members for success..  Achieved the coveted top-ranking position(1st) on Google search for thebrainbits through strategic code base structuring and implementation of relevant tags.  Spearheaded hackathons, securing mentors for judging purposes, and adeptly orchestrated team management for seamless execution Technohacks Front End Developer Intern July 2023  August 2023  Initiated the development of an immersive and dynamic personal portfolio, harnessing the power of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript technologies to showcase a comprehensive range of skills, projects, and achievements.  Revitalized the websites impact by meticulously crafting and optimizing the landing page for enhanced user engagement and aesthetic appeal.  Engineered and optimized a fully functional and operational calculator, seamlessly integrating robust features for enhanced user experience and precision in mathematical computations. Projects Portfolio Site | HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT July 2023  Conceived, designed, and implemented a comprehensive self-portrait portfolio using the dynamic trio of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Merged creative prowess with technical acumen to craft an engaging showcase of skills, projects, and achievements, embodying innovation and proficiency in web development.  Learned animation design through a hands-on exploration of CSS keyframes, culminating in a foundational understanding and a successful initial application of the concept for a dynamic and visually engaging user experience. Calculator | HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT July 2023  Executed the development of a calculator with precision, employing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Merged seamlessly designed interfaces with robust functionality to ensure an intuitive and user-friendly experience  Engineered a calculator using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, seamlessly blending design and functionality for an intuitive user experience.  Mastered the art of project completion within tight deadlines, transforming constraints into valuable experiences for enhanced efficiency and productivity. Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, Python Developer Tools: Git, GitHub, Visual Studio Code Technologies/Frameworks: HTML/CSS, JavaScript, MySQL Leadership / Extracurricular National Cadet Corps Cadet (35 UP Bn NCC Modinagar) Rap Head KBX- A Unit of Kiet Music Club Nov 2021  Present Ghaziabad, India Nov 2022  Present KIET Group of Institutions