Prashil Gedam Ballarpur,Maharashtra (cid:211) +91-9172896771 prashilgedam60@gmail.com Linkedin CAREER OBJECTIVE An independent and self-motivated graduate eager to enhance my working capabilities and contribute to achieving company goals. Seeking an opportunity to leverage my expertise in full-stack development and programming to contribute meaningfully to a dynamic development team. PROJECTS Todos Application | HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap  A task management solution, designed to make life easier.  Streamlined task management through a combination of HTML,CSS,and Bootstrap for an intuitive interface.  Seamless CRUD operations through JavaScript event listeners and dynamic UI updates.  Secure task persistence with local storage methods, ensuring that your tasks are always available. Food Munch | HTML, CSS, Bootstrap  A fully responsive website featuring a comprehensive list of food items with detailed information on each..  Designed to provide the best user experience with HTML structure elements and Bootstrap components.  Implemented product videos to give customers a clear view of the food items. Tourism Website | HTML, CSS, Bootstrap  Created an engaging online resource with multimedia content and detailed insights on popular travel spots.  Designed a mobile-adaptive layout using HTML and CSS3 features like background, flex, and box model attributes.  Integrated image carousels and virtual tour videos using Bootstrap components. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Python, SQLite Technologies/Frameworks: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap,Flexbox Developer Tools: VS Code EDUCATION Nxtwave Disruptive Technologies Industry Ready Certification in Full-stack Development- - 2022  Present St. Vincent Pallotti College of Engineering and Technology, Nagpur B.E - Mechanical Engineering - CGPA - 7.5 2018  2022 Nagpur, Maharashtra CERTIFICATIONS  Career Essentials in Software Development by Microsoft and LinkedIn  Introduction to Technology Apprenticeship Job Simulation  Build Your Own Static Website  Build Your Own Responsive Website  Introduction to Databases  Programming Foundation With Python