HIMANSHU RAI Azamgarh, UP | +917317841869 raihimanshu7905@gmail.com Summary To leverage my leadership abilities and technical expertise within an organization committed to excellence. I aim to contribute effectively towards the firm's objectives while continuously advancing my own professional development. PROJECTS Movie-Recommendation System | Python,TensorFlow,MongoDB,Django Implemented collaborative filtering and content-based filtering algorithms Utilized data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation techniques Integrated the system into a user-friendly interface TravelNest | React,JavaScript,NodeJs,ExpressJs,MongoDB,Bootstrap,HTML Developed and launched TravelNest, a platform inspired by Airbnb for booking unique stays globally. Built backend with Node.js and Express, implementing RESTful APIs and user authentication. Designed intuitive UI using React and Redux for a responsive user experience. Integrated MongoDB for scalable and secure data management. Simon Say Game | HTML,CSS,JavaScript,Bootstrap Developed Simon Say, a memory-based color prediction game using Bootstrap and JavaScript. Implemented dynamic color sequences and user interaction with JavaScript logic. Enhanced user experience with responsive design elements via Bootstrap. Experience Emuron Technologies | UP 10/2022 - 09/2024 Developed an integrated SAAS platform for intelligent battery management, improving efficiency and performance. Engineered a digital ecosystem that provides real-time monitoring and analytics for battery health and usage. Implemented advanced features for predictive maintenance and optimization based on data insights. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and deployment of battery management solutions. Staqu Technologies | HR 05/2024 - 09/2024 Developed and implemented machine learning models to analyze and interpret complex data sets. Collaborated with data scientists to enhance model accuracy and performance through experimentation. Conducted data preprocessing and feature engineering to support model training and evaluation. Worked with team and has developed good communication and social skills. Skills/Courseworks Data Structures, Operating Systems, OOPs Concepts, Database Management Systems, Java, Python, JavaScript, Typescript, SQL, NoSQL, HTML, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, React Native, Tailwind CSS, Git, Mongo, Bootstrap. Education Jyoti Niketan School | Azamgarh High School(ICSE) | 06/2019 Noida Institute Of Engineering and Technology | Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh Bachelors Of Technology(CSE-AIML)|07/2025 Shiv Vani Model Senior Secondary School | West Delhi, Delhi (UT) Intermediate(CBSE) |06/2021 Certificates Introduction to NoSQL,IBM |12/2024, Introduction to Machine Learning,Duke University|03/2024, Building AI Powered Chatbots Without Programming,IBM|03/2024