Mobile :8882145546 Email:kunalkuma2115@gmail.com LinkedIn: Kunal Kumar KUNAL KUMAR CodingNinjas:KunalKumar Leetcode:kunalsingh-10 Education National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur Bachelor of Technology  Mathematics and Computing 12/20 - 06/24 Work Experience Soul AI Data Science (AS contract)  Spearheaded the development of the Flamingo LLM project which improved model performance by integrating human 06/24 - present Remote judgment into the reinforcement learning algorithm, resulting in a 25 percent increase in output quality across test cases. Rocket Flyer Technologies Python Developer (Internship)  Developed a business solution for the company with CHATGPT API Integration using Django.  Worked in a collaborative team of 3 members and presented different business ideas.  Improved the accuracy of a resume parsing application by training a transformer model through API development. 04/23 - 08/23 Gurgaon E-Cell, NIT Hamirpur Secretary of External Affairs  Implemented 5 workshops and organized E-summit to raise funds for startup and project. 06/21 - 05/24 On-site Project  Music Genre Classification (Django, KNN, HTML, CSS, Machine Learning): GitHub Repository - Created a robust music genre classification tool that accepts .wav audio uploads; the application processed over 1,000 audio files in the first month, streamlining user interaction and reducing manual categorization efforts. - Classified music into categories like pop, hip-hop, and more.  Comprehensive Analysis of Bank Loan Processes and Data Utilization (SQL, Tableau, Excel): - Used modern data analytics to improve loan risk assessment methods, leading to a 20% decrease in default rates and a 30% improvement in loan approval turnaround time. - Provided data-driven strategies for efficient loan management.  CRUD Application (Python, Django, MongoDB, PyMongo, Postman): - Developed user registration and login pages with functionalities for updating and deleting details. - Stored real-time data in MongoDB using PyMongo. - Conducted API testing using Postman. Skills  Languages: Python, SQL, C++, Data Structure and algorithms, HTML5,CSS ,React ,Node js  Libraries: Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, OpenCV, Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib , Django ,MongoDB,BeautifulSoup  Tools: Matlab, Django, MySQL,Excel,PowerBI  Algorithms: Regression, Classification, ANN, CNN Achievements And Certifications  Solved 200+ DSA problems on different coding platforms -leetcode,Coding-Ninjas and GFG.  Scored AIR 13,225 in JEE Mains and AIR 9,725 in JEE Advance.  Machine-Learning and deep-learning in Python  AWS-Machine Learning Deep-Racer