SUYOG KULKARNI 9175445552 kulkarnisuyog192@gmail.com Linkedin GitHub WORK EXPERIENCE Parkar Digital | (Feb 2024 - Present ) Software Developer Intern As a Full-Stack Developer, I contributed to a project that showcased my expertise in both frontend and backend development, ensuring seamless integration and functionality across all platforms. Actively engaged as a Tester, focusing on comprehensive testing strategies to ensure the reliability and performance of software solutions, enhancing the overall quality and user experience. Prochant | (Dec 2023 - Jan 2024) Full-Stack Developer Intern As a Full Stack Developer, I developed key pages for a healthcare billing application using DevExtreme, enhancing the product's upgrade and user experience. This role highlighted my technical skills and contributions to a system that significantly improved product performance and user satisfaction. EDUCATION K J College Of Engineering & Management Research, Pune B.E in Computer Enginnering | Grad May 2024. AVS Jr. College of Science, Aurangabad class XII | Grad Feb 2020 | Scored 77.00% . ACHIEVEMENTS Hacktoberfest At Hacktoberfest, I merged all 4 pull requests, won multiple badges, and had a plant planted in significant my contributions and dedication to open-source. Technical Team Lead at GDSC (2022-2023) showcasing my name, Led the technical team at the Google Developer Student Club (GDSC), orchestrating and hosting a series of technical events that enhanced student engagement and technical skills development. SKILLS Languages : C#, C++, JavaScript, Python Frontend : jQuery, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Backend : ASP.NET MVC, Razor, Web API, Winforms, EF Core, Linq Tools : Git, GitHub, Postman, DevExtreme, Jira, Visual Studio Database : SQL, MongoDb Familiar : Flask, Node.js, Unity PROJECTS system Healthcare Scheduling System A Flask and SQL-based for efficient appointment booking, featuring a responsive front-end with JavaScript and jQuery. Enhanced security and functionality through JWT authentication, ensuring secure user sessions and data protection. Technical skills : Flask, SQL, JavaScript, jQuery, JWT Authentication. E-Commerce Booking Application | Code Developed a .NET e-commerce web application for online book sales, featuring personalized user accounts, intuitive search functionality, efficient shopping cart management, and seamless Stripe payment integration. Created a secure, user-friendly e-commerce platform with Identity and SQL Server for enhanced customer experience and data protection. Technical skill - C#, ASP.NET MVC, EF Core, Identity, SQL Server, JS. Assignment Hub | Code Assignment Hub is a .NET e-commerce platform that links students with assignment writers, enhancing assignment completion through a chat feature and ensuring security with Identity and SQL Server. The platform provides personal accounts for users to manage profile, view history, and track assignments, boosting engagement and satisfaction. Technical skills: C#.NET, ASP.NET MVC, EF Core, SignalR, jQuery, SQL Server, Identity Tutor at MetaSapiens CERTIFICATIONS Served as a tutor in my startup, effectively teaching C++ and Python to over 15+ students, significantly enhancing their programming skills and learning environment collaborative fostering a The Complete Introduction to C++ Programming C# Comprehensive Course The Complete Guide to ASP.NET Core MVC Hacktoberfest Tree Plantation Certificate