Swapna Devu I'm having total 3.2 yrs of experience as Senior HR Executive Bengaluru, Karnataka Phn: +91 63003 10717 Email id: Swapnadevu2244@gmail.com Three years of industry work experience in HR domain with expertise in recruitment, employee life cycle, HRMS, employee benefits and performance management. Willing to relocate: Anywhere Personal Details Date of Birth: 1999-01-18 Eligible to work in: India Industry: Human Resources Total years of experience: 3 Work Experience Senior HR Executive Kenko Health Tech Pvt Ltd-Bengaluru, Karnataka December 2023 to Present  Maintain the onboarding formalities of employees including collecting documents, welcome emails, conducting induction to new joiners, sending offer letters and salary negotiations with the selected employees.  Validating the attendance and leaves of the employees.  Handling all the exit formalities and exit interviews.  Conducting events and fun Fridays with the employees.  Handling internal recruitment.  Onboarding and handling vendors based on requirement.  Initiating BGV of the new employees and maintaining all the reports of the employees.  Handling payroll vendors.  Screening the candidates and conducting the interviews with the panel. HR Executive WebMobril Technologies Pvt. Ltd.-Bengaluru, Karnataka March 2023 to December 2023  Maintain the onboarding formalities of employees including collecting documents, welcome emails, conducting induction to new joiners, sending offer letters and salary negotiations with the selected employees.  Validating the attendance and leaves of the employees.  Handling all the exit formalities and exit interviews.  Conducting events and fun Fridays with the employees.  Handling internal recruitment. Talent Acquisition Specialist iBCSCorp-Bengaluru, Karnataka May 2022 to January 2023  Maintain the onboarding formalities of employees including collecting documents, welcome emails, conducting induction to new joiners, sending offer letters and salary negotiations with the selected employees.  Having meetings with themanages.  Understanding the client requirement.  Screening the candidates.  Based on the client requirement scheduling the rounds of interview either walk in or virtual.  If the candidate got selected following the candidates until they join.  Maintaining attendance.  Creating JDS HR Recruiter Let's work-Bengaluru, Karnataka February 2021 to April 2022  Maintain the onboarding formalities of employees including collecting documents, welcome emails, conducting induction to new joiners, sending offer letters and salary negotiations with the selected employees.  Understanding the client requirement.  Sourcing the candidates.  Screening the candidates.  Based on the client requirement scheduling the rounds of interview either walk in or virtual.If the candidate got selected following the candidates until they join. Education Bachelor's degree in Computer Science VSM college of engineering - Bengaluru, Karnataka June 2016 to April 2020 Skills / IT Skills  Human resources  Human resources management system  Vendor management  Employee management