Namburi Gowrishankar varaprasad varma Roll No.: AP21110010484 Computer science Specalization:AI/ML SRM University, Andhara Pradesh Education Sri Ramaswami Memorial University, Andhara Pradesh Computer science Sri Chaitanya Inter Collage Board of Secondary Education, Andhara Pradesh Experience (cid:131) +91-9494768855 # gowrishvarma@gmail.com # gowrishankarnamburi@srmap.edu.in  GitHub Profile (cid:239) LinkedIn Profile 2025 CGPA: 8.25/10 2021 Percentage: 88 Next Tech Lab Amravathi, AP Member  Gained collaborative work experience over two years by working on more than 15 projects, ranging from basic to Sept 2021  Present advanced levels.  Collaborated with over 250 lab members, each with expertise in various technological fields, to work on innovative projects. Personal Projects TenderBC Link An online tender application using blockchain Tools & technologies used: NextJS, Nodejs(ExpressJS), MongoDB, Tailwind, web3, Solidity, Storj, Ethereum Capable of helping over 150 industries globally to place tenders securely.  Backend Development: Utilized Node.js with ExpressJS to create a robust backend architecture, ensuring efficient API handling and secure data transactions.  Implemented smart contracts using Solidity to facilitate secure and transparent tender transactions on the Ethereum blockchain.  Integrated decentralized storage solutions using Storj to securely store tender-related documents.  Maintained secure architecure flow to elemenate fraude during the tender process using blockchain and IPFS Goeasy Link A bike rental application for SRMAP and nearby colleges Tools & technologies used: Flutter, Firebase Developed a bike rental application allowing users to take and give bikes for rentals online, targeting over 15,000 students.  Created a user-friendly interface with Flutter, providing a seamless experience for both renters and lenders.  Implemented Firebase for backend services, including real-time database, authentication, and cloud storage to manage user data and rental transactions securely.  Incorporated features like hours used, rental history, rent estimation, advanced booking, and user reviews to enhance user trust and convenience.  Promoted the app within SRMAP and nearby colleges, highlighting its potential to make students journeys and traveling easy and comfortable. Competitive Coding Profiles LeetCode Link Contest rating:- 1750+ (Among top 10% globally) and participated more than 30+ contests. Solved Over 450+ problems across a wide range of topics and difficulty levels CodeChef Link Rated as a 2-star coder, with a peak rating of 1500+. Participated in numerous contests, securing top positions in several monthly competitions. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: Java, Python, C++, C Developer Tools: Full Stack, Flutter, git, Docker, linux Front-End / Back-End: HTML, CSS, JavaScript / FastAPI, Node.js, Express.js, Django Frameworks / Databases: Next.js (React.js), TailwindCSS,MongoDB, MySQL, Firebase Areas of Interest: Full Stack, AI/ML