VENKATA SAIKUMAR VELLANKI +91 8919883894 1 77777 66666 vellankivenkatasaikumar@gmail .com www.linkedin.com/in/venkata- sai-83107b223 Phagwara, Punjab ELECTRONICS and COMMUNICATION ENGINEER venkatasaikumarvellanki SUMMARY Looking forward for work experience. Seeking a challenging entry-level position in a respected organization. A highly motivated and experienced Electronics and Communication Engineer with a passion for developing innovative solutions to complex problems and lead to company success, Committed to continuous learning and industry best practices. TRAINING VLSI Design Techvanto Private Limited | New Delhi, IN Code Simulation and Circuit designing Jun '22 - Jul '22 Gained hands-on experience in developing, implementing, and simulation. Assisted the technical and business staff with the design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of new programs using-cadence nclaunch. D e v el o p e d v ar i o u s d e si g n s u si n g V er i l o g H D L w h i c h wi l l b e h el pf u l f or TECHNICAL SKILLS ci r c u i t v er i fi c a ti on , si m u l ati o n , ti mi n g an al y si s an d f or l og i c s yn t h esi s. Programming languages: C, C++, Java, Python, Verilog Data Management: MySQL, DBMS Platforms: Cadence Virtuoso, Cadence Nclaunch, Proteus, Cisco, Arduino, Vivado, Matlab Worked on modelling like Behavioral or Algorithmic level, Dataflow level, Gate level and Switch level. PROJECTS Traffic Light Control System Apr'24 Software: Vivado | Programming Languages: Verilog | It is most important & essential thing for any country to protect the people from heavy load of traffic. We designed a circuit and the function of circuit controlled by Verilog coding, design and verification done using Verilog designing. CERTIFICATIONS Health Monitoring System Sep23 Workshop in Cyber Security & Ethical Hacking | Techvanto Academy | Feb 22 Data Analytics | IBM | Coursera | Oct 23 VLSI Design | Techvanto Private Limited | Jul 23 Get Started with Python | Google | Coursera | Dec 23 SpO2 and Pulse Rate Monitoring Used Arduino and Pulse oximeter sensor to measure blood oxygen and pulse rate. It will be very helpful to the patients to get the updated data. Car Insurance System Oct'22 Domain: Database |Programming Language: C++ Developed a code to avail insurance for vehicle. It gives the access to the admin and customer to get the details of the insurance by logging in using their respective credentials. The insurance money may vary based on the customers accident records. POWER SKILLS ACHIEVEMENTS Sociable and great with team work Positively analyses the work    Makes decisions after understanding facts and figures Emotional Intelligence  EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES A Competition on Bluetooth controlled car Mar'22 Master Orator- A competition on Public Speaking Skills Dec'18 One among Deans top 10% students at University: Apr23 - Present For good academic performance and extra-curricular activities at University. RC Bluetooth car- A Competition on Bluetooth controlled car Mar'22 Secured 4th position in the competition which showcased technical skills EDUCATION B.Tech. in Electronics and Communication Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, IN CGPA 7.18 Sep '21 - Present Junior College Jun '19 - Mar '21 Narayana Junior College | Vizag, IN CGPA 9.51 Higher Secondary Narayana School | Parvathipuram, IN CGPA 9.8 Jun '18 - Apr '19