Surya Pratap +91-8757777301 | surya.pratap11122001@gmail.com | Linkedin | GitHub About Im a Full Stack Developer with 1.5 years of experience, where Ive worked on projects like Maustats,SDG, IEMI, and JSSS. Im skilled in using MongoDB, Express.js, Angular/React, and Node.js to build web applications. I enjoy working on both the front-end and back-end, always aiming to create scalable solutions that meet and often exceed expectations. Education Gurukul Kangri (Deemed To Be) University Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science And Engineering (8.6 cgpa) Haridwar, Uttrakhand,GFTI Aug. 2019  May 2023 Experience Solution developer Itech Misson Pvt.Ltd MauStats(Developer) March 2023  Present South delhi,Delhi (India)  created REST APIs for the backend server using the frameworks Express.js utilized in web and mobile screens.  Developed a calculation API that generates calculations based on the given data and includes an automatic download functionality  Created multiple APIs for Indicators,IUs and Report generation for charts displayed on the frontend dashboard of the application  Developed numerous test cases using the frameworks Swagger, Mocha, and Chai.  Also worked on deploying the project on AWS both manually and using CI/CD integration.  Applyed message queue framework RabbitMq in my backed show the multitask or process handle one by one  Implemented charts in the Angular framework using GridSlick and Highcharts.  I worked onrole and permission of user in front end. Akansha(developer)  Developed the Akansha project using Laravel, PHP, and jQuery, implementing a modular approach and ORM method for the report module. Key features include:  Dynamic Reporting: Created a comprehensive report module featuring dynamic data display and management.  DataTables Integration: Implemented DataTables for interactive and user-friendly data presentation, including sorting, filtering, and pagination Solution Software Developer Intern Itech Misson Pvt.Ltd March 2023  Sept 2023 South delhi,Delhi (India)  Added features in two projects (GDP and TERS applications) using Angular, React, and Node.js. Features included pop-ups, open/close functionality, and search/download APIs  Contributing in solving various bug fixes, adding features to the platform and redesigning Backend and Frontend of the projects Projects SOCIAL NETWORKING APPLICATION  Developed and maintained a monolith project with CRUD and authorization functionalities.  Developed REST APIs for Users,and Posts feature. Integrated library for user authentication.  Thunder and Postman tool commonly used for API testing. It provides a framework for automating the testing of APIs, ensuring that the endpoints and functionalities work as intende  Utilized a tech stack that included JavaScript, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Mongoose, Json Web Token (JWT), showcasing proficiency in a wide range of modern software develop- ment technologies. Technical Skills Languages: C++, Javascript, Typescript Frameworks and Libraries: React,Angular,NodeJs, ExpressJs, MongooseDocker basic,Aws,Chai,Mocha,Swager Database: MySql, MongoDB Coding Profiles Leetcode - surya123 (I have done approx 300 problem in leetcode) Codechef - surya-pratap 3 Stars(maximum rating 1624) on Codechef Geeks for Geeks - user-surya (I have prictice 500+ problem in GfG) Certifications It is issued by internshala,Certification no:-3D2F1094-05FC-1FE7-2649-3E6D49B47DD5