+91-8708633401 | ankityadav870401@gmail.com | ankit-yadav22 | Ankit1349 Ankit Yadav EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech in Information Technology October 2021 - August 2025 (expected) SKILLS Languages:  C / C++  Python  Java  JavaScript Utilities and Frameworks:  ReactJS  Node.js  NoSQL  SQL  Express.js  MongoDB  Tailwind CSS  RESTful API  Git/GitHub  Linux ACHIEVEMENTS  Among Top 50 out of 600+ participants for Fill the Void Codeathon by IIT Jammu  Made it to Top 30 among 500+ participants for Ideathon2024 hosted by GLMI  Achieved 5 star Coder Badge on HackerRank in Java, Python and Problem Solving CERTIFICATIONS  Virtual Software Engineering by Goldman Sachs  Virtual Advance Software Engineering by Walmart  Programming Essential in Python by Python Institute  Cybersecurity Essentials by CISCO  Into to Networks(CCNAv7) by CISCO  Design and Analysis of Algorithm by NPTEL  AWS cloud and Artificial Intelligence by  Python Data Structures by Michigan State University  Introduction to Web Development by IBM  Java Programming by Duke University  Foundations of Project Management by Google CODING PROFILE  Leetcode: Ankit-27  Codeforces : ankit4005  Codechef :  ankity22  HacerRank: ankit27 RELEVANT COURSES  Data Structures  Computer Networks  Design and Analysis of Algorithms  Operating Systems  Software Reliability  Software Engineering  OOPS  Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning  Foundation of Blockchain  Cryptography  Fundamentals of Big Data  Information Security  Predictive Analytics  Automata Theory and Compiler Design POSITIONS  Graphic Design Head, LearnIT official student Society of Department of IT  SSIC International Conference, Working Team  Organization Team Member for 12+ events. WORK EXPERIENCE SOFTWARE ENGINEERING FELLOW | July 2024 - September 2024 Headstarter, Remote | Full Stack, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning  Worked on 5+ web applications utilizing technical skills like JavaScript, ReactJS, MongoDB, Node.js, HTML, Redux, CSS frameworks, etc. aiming to achieve project objectives by collaboration with team.  Learned AI/ML and developed frontend and backend for web applications integrating AI to achieve project objectives. PROJECTS Insurance Analyzer | (Ongoing)  Developing an insurance analyzer and recommendation system that empowers users to make informed decisions by searching and comparing available policies in the market. The system analyzes existing policies, simplifies complex terms, and recommends better alternatives based on cost, coverage, and competitive features. It also provides personalized policy recommendations and allows users to search for specific features, enhancing transparency and accessibility in the insurance selection process. Intelligent Yard Management System | React.js, Node.js, MongoDB, RESTful API, Data Analytics, Express.js, AI/ML, WebSockets, JWT  Engineered a web application to streamline yard management processes increasing efficiency and productivity using features as real time data analytics, digital yard twin, secure check-in plus checkout of yard and dock, AI/ML and data analytics model for process like dock allocation, dock time scheduling, etc. with real time visualization of data. YouTube Team Manager | React.js, Node.js, Express.js, JWT, JavaScript, API  Engineered a secure team management platform for YouTube creators, enabling role-based access control for channel management. Implemented role-based permissions, allowing channel owners to assign security levels and manage team access with security notifications and permissions request for activities. Utilized JWT for authentication and Node.js with Express for backend services, React.js and Tailwind CSS for frontend, and API for seamless channel management. Green Ecommerce | React.js, JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB.js, UI Design  Engineered a comprehensive e-commerce website similar to amazon but with special section for environmentally friendly products and incorporating key features such as a shopping cart, user login and authentication, and product search functionality. Also developed business model for recollecting cardboard boxes for reuse.  Leveraged the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js) for development and utilized Git for version control. AI Fitness App | Python, OpenCV, NumPy, Transformers, Matplotlib, Pandas,  Developed AI enabled fitness application utilizing real-time pose estimation through OpenCV, along with an exercise classification model for precise pose detection, exercise analysis, and repetition counting.  Achieved a 96% accuracy rate by training the classification model using Hugging Face pre- trained models with dataset of over 1500+ images for different exercises. Cook Buddy | React.js, JavaScript, mealDB API  Engineered a web application for searching cooking recipes based upon user search by recipe name or ingredients available. Data is fetched by the use of mealDB API for related recipes. Provides responsiveness and easy to navigate UI/UX design Minor Projects | Java, Python, Spring, MERN, Database  Portfolio Website  To-Do List  Finance Planner and Tracker  Password Generator and Manager  Employee Management System  Hotel Management System LinuxWorld