Raghav Jain (cid:132) +91 8448727431 # raghavjain1712@gmail.com + Delhi, India (cid:18) LeetCode (cid:240) raghavjain1712 About Detail oriented team player with strong organizational skills. Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy. Education -> Manipal University Jaipur, B.Tech in Information Technology Sept. 2021 to May 2025  Coursework: Software Foundations, Computer Architecture, Algorithms, Artificial Intelligence, Comparison of Learning Algorithms, Computational Theory. -> Ahlcon Public School, Delhi  Sr. Secondary And Secondary Schooling May 2018 to May 2021 Skills Languages: Java, PHP, HTML, CSS, MySql, Flutter(Dart), SpringBoot, RestAPI, Java JDBC Software: Intellij Idea, VScode, Eclipse,Android Studio, Figma, FL Studio, Ableton, Adobe Photoshop Gurgaon, Haryana Jun 2024 to Aug 2024 Jaipur, Rajasthan Sept 2023 - Dec 2023 Delhi, India Experience Airtel Digital, Software Developer Intern  Worked under the supervision of industry professionals on the eCaf and Mitra App.  Developed and maintained applications using Java, SpringBoot and Rest APIs.  Gained hands-on experience with React Native, Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP), and Com- pose Multiplatform Project (CMP).  Enhanced teamwork and collaborative skills in a professional setting. Manipal University Jaipur, Graphics Designer  Designed all the social media post and posters for the 4th International Conference hosted by Department of Information Technology at Manipal University Jaipur. Freelance, SoundDesign Engineer and Designer  Have worked on electronic sound generation and programming and have produced in- dustry level sounds for UI/UX and electronic music artists who have released music worldwide with big music companies. Projects Basic Employee Management System Using SpringBoot and RestAPI: link 2  Developed an Employee Management System with an intuitive React.js frontend, en- hancing user experience and accessibility.  Implemented a REST API for seamless data transfer between the frontend and backend, ensuring efficient CRUD operations.Leveraged SpringBoot to build a robust backend, de- livering secure and scalable employee data management. MRI Brain Tumour Classification Using ANN link 2  Medical imaging data containing images of brain tumors along with corresponding la- bels (e.g., benign or malignant) are collected. This data is crucial for training and evalu- ating the ANN model.  Preprocessing steps are applied to ensure the data is in a suitable format. This may in- clude resizing images, normalizing pixel values, and augmenting the dataset to increase diversity and improve model generalization. ML Driven Network Anomaly Detection System: link 2  Built a machine learning driven anomaly detection using SVM Algorithm. A dataset from kaggle was taken and examined. ELECTRICITY BILL MANAGEMENTS SYSTEM: link 2  Build from scratch using python and SQL. Used for maintaining a structured data of 2 sectors with 30 houses in each. Additional Experience And Awards BBC Radio East Mids, Nottingham, England ): Won the title Track of the week for my release with Bass Rebels for the track that was engineered by me.