Satish reddy Tanguturi Location: Obulavaripalli , Andhra Pradesh, 516108 Phone no: 7702561028 Email: satishreddy2275@gmail.com Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/satish-reddy-8b2254267 Skills Education *Yet to be completed Nxtwave Disruptive Technologies Frontend  HTML  CSS  Bootstrap  JavaScript  React.js* Backend  Python*  Express*  Node.js Data base  SQLite Other Skills  AI / ML  Microsoft Power BI Apr 2022 - Ongoing Industry Ready Certication in Full-stack Development Hindustan institute of technology and sciences , Chennai 2021 - 2025 B Tech (Bachelor of Technology)_Computer Science Engineering (CSE) (9.28 CGPA) Sri Chaitanya college , Vijayawada 2019 - 2021 Intermediate_MPC (95.7%) Bhuvanagiri public school , Kadapa district 2018 - 2019 Secondary School Of Certicate (90.2%) Project Wikipedia Search Application project1_link Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, REST API Calls, Bootstrap Unlock the vast wealth of knowledge on Wikipedia with a custom search application that delivers relevant and curated results. Quick and easy access to information has never been easier.  Beautifully presented search results with HTML list elements, styled with CSS, Bootstrap, and a responsive design that adapts to any device.  Seamlessly access information with the power of asynchronous fetch GET HTTP API calls and the ability to open the desired result in a new tab for further reading. Todos Application project2_link Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap A task management solution, designed to make life easier.  Streamlined task management through a combination of HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap for an intuitive interface.  Seamless CRUD operations through JavaScript event listeners and dynamic UI updates.  Secure task persistence with local storage methods, ensuring that your tasks are always available. Typing Speed Test project3_link Technologies used : HTML, CSS, JS, REST API Calls, Bootstrap An application to evaluate and improve your typing speed.  Utilizes JavaScript and REST APIs to fetch and display the paragraph, and dynamically update the timer.  Provides a user-friendly interface to display the typing speed and accuracy.