NANDANI RAJPUT Phone: + 91 9773582209 E- Mail: rajputnandani764@ gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nandani-rajput-b824732ba/ Career Objective  To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self- development and also helps me achieve personal as well as organizational goals. Education    2021-2025- Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science and Engineering) from NOIDA INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY, Greater Noida [with 8.75CGPA] 2021 -12th from Kendriya Vidyalaya Sector-24, Noida , CBSE Board [with 90.80%] 2019 - 10th from Kendriya Vidyalaya Sector-24, Noida , CBSE Board [with 94.20%] Projects Music Player Application  It is a music application where user can listen to their favourite music. User can play /pause, repeat and adjust the volume of music. Rental Web Application  Used HTML, CSS & JavaScript - all at frontend.  The Rental Web Application is designed to streamline the process of renting properties or items by providing a user-friendly platform for both renters and property owners.  The application features an intuitive interface that allows users to browse listings, filter search results, and manage rental agreements.  Property owners can easily list their properties, set rental terms, and communicate with potential renters.  Key features include secure user authentication, real-time availability updates, payment processing, and review systems to ensure a smooth and trustworthy rental experience. Skills and Interests Languages - Java,Python, JavaScript Tools- Github  Web Dev- HTML,CSS,JS,Tailwind,React.js,MySQL    Other skills- OOPS, DBMS  Soft Skills- Leadership ,Design Thinking, Communication skills. Other Achievements & Certifications  Machine Learning for all (Coursera)  Generative AI in Education (Infosys)  Python for DS,AI & Development (Coursera)  Microsofts AI odyssey certified in AZURE AI Vision Solution  Key Strengths Self-motivated   Quick learner and a strong grasper.  Good problem-solving ability.  Able to present points precisely and clearly  A determined and hardworking person.