Ronit Ranjan Tripathy 7065586415  tripathy.ronit2002@gmail.com  https://github.com/RONITrrt Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh . https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronit-tripathy-378022229/ O B J E C T I V E A strong, aspiring B.Tech CSE (AIML) graduate equipped with self-possessed fundamentals of AI/ML, cryptography, and cybersecurity; front-end development and real-time software with computer vision. Looking for an internship or entry-level opportunity that puts my machine learning engineering or full-stack development skills into action. Ready to work upon and make a difference with cutting-edge projects, driving technological advancements. E D U C A T I O N J.K.G School (10th) Ch. Chabbil Das PublicSchool (12th) Noida Institute Of Engineering and Technology B.tech CSE(AIML) (2021-25) P R O J E C T S 1. CrossBorder Transaction through Cryptography Introduced our own cryptocurrency named cross-coin. Made a website for the users where they perform transactions. 2. CyberSecurity Based Phishing Detection Enabled users to stay protected from phishing domains. Cancheck phishing through screenshots and mailing boxes. Provided the score of the URLs and can check spam mails. Developed a web extension to alert users if they click on a phishing domain by mistake. 3. Sign Language Recognition using ML Detection and recognition of hand sign language (Alphabets) using OpenCV and CNN. 4. VR Technology to Understand about Eclipse Virtual Reality that makes teenagers understand about eclipse in an interactive way. Developed a website that provides information about this. 5. Real-Time Weather App Developed using React. 6. Wise-O-Bot (A ChatBot) Utilizes Generative Pretrained Transformers. Provides personalized advice and emulates celebrities' tone and humor. Blends technology, empathy, and entertainment for a unique experience. 7. Drowsiness Detection and Alarming System Created an ML model that detects if the driver is alert or drowsy. Model accuracy is 98%. Created using Python and OpenCV. Generates a loud sound if the driver is drowsy. S K I L L S Machine Learning Python Deep Learning PHP Logical Programming VR React JavaScript Git Node Js SQL MongoDB A C C O M P L I S H M E N T S Secured first position in HACKX2023. Finished 4th in Intelx Awiros Appathon2.0 (Indias largest computer vision hackathon). Top 8 in NASA Space App Challenge 2023 (District level). Published research paper as an author: "Enhancing Waste Management Through Object Detection and Recyclable MaterialClassification," EAI SUS-DEV2023. Currently working on the patent of ADAM