Pragati Madhav 4th Year (B-Tech) Computer Science & Engineering at Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology Projects Mob.: +917428064785 Email.:madhavpragati3@gmail.com Links Github:// pragati123madhav LinkedIn:// Pragati Skills OS Windows LANGUAGES Java, Python, JavaScript FRAMEWORK Webdevelopment DATABASES MySQL, MongoDB Coursework Data Structures Computer Organization and architecture Operating Systems Computer Networks AI & ML Education 20212025 B.TECH. IN CSER NIET Greater Noida CGPA : 7.07/10 2021 INTERMEDIATE Apeejay International School, Greater Noida Percentage: 83.8% 2019 HIGH SCHOOL Apeejay International School, Greater Noida Percentage: 85.8% 2024 Student Information Updation System Developing a platform to ease the workload of student administration and management cell in college. The system allows for the creation and maintenance of detailed student profiles, including personal in formation, academic records, attendance history and extracurricular activities. DBMS,CSS,Javascript,Springboot,PowerBi,Ux/Ui 2023 AI Personal Assistant The development and implementation of an AI personal assistant leveraging the python programming language. The assistant integ rates python libraries to understand user quries, execute tasks, and provide personalized recommendations. AI personal assistant offers a versatile and efficient solution for enhancing productivity and con venience in daily life. 2023 Talking Chatbot Python, Artificial Intelligence The chatbots architecture encompasses modules for speech re cognition, text preprocessing, sequence to sequence modeling, and response generation. Through TensorFlows deep learning capabilities, the chatbot learns from large datasets to generate coherent and contextually relevant responses, Training data is processed using Numpy arrays to efficiently handle large scale computations, enhancing the chatbots performance and scalability. Python, Numpy, Tensorflow Achievements/Awards 2024 Technical Fest 3rd Prize Winner Achieved 3rd position in Tech Sprint (Coding Competition) 2024 Infosys Springboard Courses Certification Data Structures and Algorithms using Python 2023 Smart India Hackathon Finalist In this Hackathon Developed an app called AlertX with the idea of providing all the features that could help in a disaster management. Participated In this hackathon developed a web application called EcoLife that empowers residents to adopt ecofriendly lifestyles. 2023 HackX Extracurricular Activities Dancing Painting