Suyash Agnihotri (cid:131) 7991973981 # suyash2111060@akgec.ac.in (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/suyashagnihotri  github.com/suyash988 (cid:128) suyash988portfolio Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Information Technology (CGPA: 8.00) Expected May 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  Relevant Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms (C++), Oops(Java), Database Management System(SQL), Data Analytics (Python) Experience Sharp Career Technologies Full Stack Developer Mar 2024  May 2024  Implemented microservices architecture using Node.js and Express, improving API response time by 25% and reducing server load by 30%.  Participated in a cross-functional team that introduced a new feature using React and Redux. This led to a 20% increase in user engagement within the rst month. Our focus was on improving the user interface and performance to create a more interactive and user-friendly experience. Shine&Venture Technologies Web Developer Jan 2024  Feb 2024  Developed an aesthetically pleasing and user-engaging website using Next.js and Redux, which resulted in a 10% increase in user interaction. The website features a smooth user interface, improved performance, and interactive elements to enhance user experience. Projects Property Price Predictor | Python, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Flask, Nginix  Developed a property price predictor website that gives detailed and accurate insights to help users make better real estate decisions. The site analyzes various factors to estimate property values eectively.  Designed and deployed a scalable RESTful API using Django and Django REST Framework, achieving a 30% improvement in data retrieval speed. Snapgram | React.js, Express.js, Typescript, Node.js, Socket.io, Appwrite  Designed and implemented a social media web application focused on facilitating new friendships and enabling user-generated posts.  Used Appwrite for data storage and relationship management, achieving a fast data uploading and fetching.  Applied a real-time chat feature using WebSocket and Socket.io, enhancing user engagement and reducing response time by 20%. Technical Skills Languages: C/C++, Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, R, XML/HTML, Go Lang Technologies: React.js, Angular, Next.js, Three.js, Vue.js, Django, Flask, Express.js, TensorFlow, Matplotlib, Seaborn, jQuery, Bootstrap, Flask, Node.js, Strapi, Version Control Concepts: Compiler, Operating System, Virtual Memory, Cache Memory, Encryption, Decryption, Articial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, API, Database Normalization, Agile Methodology, Cloud Computing Achievements  Participated in the Smart India Hackathon, developing a prototype of a brain-controlled wheelchair.  Took part in the national competition Anveshna, where my team engineered a machine learning-based application to assist farmers in determining the optimal crop to cultivate each season. Interests  Enjoy cooking Indian food and experimenting with dierent regional recipes and avors.  Enjoy reading self-help books to enhance personal growth, improve skills, and gain new perspectives.