SATEESH KUMAR PALLA  Sateesh-psk | (cid:239) sateesh-kumar-palla | # sateeshkumar palla@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9390494380 Work Experience APSSDC - AWS 3 months Virtual Internship June 2023 - Aug 2023  Throughout my three-month internship at AWS Cloud facilitated by APSSDC, I gained foundational and practical familiarity with a range of Amazon Web Services (AWS) functionalities. Project done at the end of internship(Link to Code)  As the culmination of the internship approached, we were assigned the development of a project leveraging these services. I developed online contact manager using React, Material-UI, Tailwind CSS, and integrated with various AWS services including AWS SDK, AWS DynamoDB, and AWS EC2.  The site allows users to securely log in, save, and access their contacts, ensuring convenience and accessibility across devices with an internet connection. The user interface is intuitively designed to provide a seamless user experience.  Time constraints limited our ability to encompass every AWS feature. Nonetheless, the experience proved immensely enriching, offering significant insights into cloud computing technologies. Projects Full-Stack E-Commerce Platform Frontend , Backend  Developed a dynamic e-commerce site with a React frontend, leveraging React Router DOM for seamless navigation, Axios for API requests, and Tailwind for modern, responsive styling.  Built a robust backend using Express, with middleware integration including body-parser for JSON handling, CORS for cross-origin requests, and Mongoose for MongoDB cloud connection, ensuring efficient data management and retrieval. Implemented JWT for secure token-based authentication  This project deepened my understanding of full-stack development, particularly in integrating fron- tend and backend technologies, handling user authentication, and ensuring data persistence and security in an e-commerce application. Cloud-Based MongoDB CRUD API with Express Link to Code  Implemented comprehensive CRUD operations using Express.js to manage data in a cloud-hosted MongoDB collection.  Utilized body-parser for JSON parsing and CORS for cross-origin requests, ensuring efficient and secure API interactions. This project helped in understanding the functioning of MongoDB, API creation, and testing APIs Education 2021 - present Bachelors Degree (CSE) at SRM University, A.P. 2019 - 2021 2019 Skills Class 12th BIEAP Board Class 10th BSEAP Board (GPA: 8.92/10.0) (Marks: 981/1000) (Percentage: 98 %) Coding Skills Development Skills HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Tailwind CSS, Node, Express, SQL, MongoDB Achievements C, C++, Python, Java, DSA, Probem-solving  1554 rating in Code-chef, participated in 25 contests, solved 100+ problems. (Link)  solved 150+ problems in Coding-Ninjas, level 7, earned 8 badges. (Link)  14 stars, Gold in C++ in Hacker-rank. (Link) Last updated: June 29, 2024