SUPRAJA KODUKULA Master of Business Administration (HR) OBJECTIVE: www.linkedin.com/in/suprajakodukula D 9347351101 kodukulasupraja(@ gmail.com As an HR specialized MBA graduate, management and organizational growth. I aim to apply academic knowledge and practical insights to evaluate HR strategy talent I'm dedicated to crafting impactful solutions that drive overall success by aligning strategies with company objectives. EDUCATION: Qualification PG - MBA UG -B.Sc. Intermediate SSC Year of passing Institution 2024 2022 2019 2017 MVGR school ofmanagement Maharaja'scollege ofautonomous Sri Chaitanya jr. college Bhaskar English Medium school GPA 8.34 9.2 9.34 9.0 Summer Internship: Recruitment and selection, Aurobindo pharma ltd. (Jan 2024 - Mar 2024) Description: Participated in the process of Recruitment and selection. Studied in-depth the procedure and guidelines a business follows when recruiting new employees. Engagement: Conducted initial phone screens and interviews Analysed industry trends and competitor with potential hires to assess their qualifications hiring practices to ensure competitive compensation packages. Learning: Establishing a network of contacts and building relationships with potential candidates to increase the candidate pool Understood the working of applicant tracking systems (ATS) to ensure accuracy and compliance with regulations Seminarsand Presentation: As a team of 6 in a collaborative in AIMS-conducted Participated engagement. environmentof 120 presented a paper on payroll management in different professions. seminar on creative approaches beyond case studies and acknowledged for attentive Participated in more than ten presentations as a team lead in PG club activities. Achievements: Head of HR club in PG driven manyinteractive events and activities. Volunteered NSS Blood donation Key note address to the juniors camp in GIMSR. at the time of induction. Courses: Trained and certified with a diploma in MS office suite. Certification Awarded a certificate in HR workshop conducted by AIMS on topic - The Future of Leadership spreadsheet utility. using in HR analytics in Al. SKILLS Micro soft office Ability to multitask Adaptability Detail Oriented LANGUAGES English Telugu Hindi