HARSH NAIK (+91) 8928707658  naikharsh33@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/harsh-naik EXPERIENCE Internship at Larsen and Toubro 27 May 2024-26 July 2024 Project: Search Engine Development.  collaborated on developing a search engine system, focusing on improving search accuracy and efficiency.  Designed and implemented features to extract keywords from queries provided by the user and perform search operations on attendance Excel sheets and index documents using natural entity recognition and tokenization. Intern June 2023-Aug 2023 Naye Pankh Foundation  Raised Fund for the foundation.  Volunteered in Food providing campaigns for people and animals.  Promoted to team manager of multiple interns. PROJECTS Search Engine 27 May 2024-26 July 2024  The project aims to develop a system for efficiently organizing and searching a document collection using natural language queries. It will utilize entity recognition and tokenization to identify keywords, index PDFs by reading and categorizing their content, and provide accurate, intuitive search results.  The project aims to develop a search engine that tracks employee attendance and working hours. Using natural language processing and tokenization, the system will interpret user queries, search relevant records, and generate detailed Excel reports on attendance patterns and working hours. Face identification Aug-Nov 2022  The project aims to develop a system for efficiently organizing and searching a document collection using natural language queries. It will utilize entity recognition and tokenization to identify keywords, index PDFs by reading and categorizing their content, and provide accurate, intuitive search results.  The project aims to develop a search engine that tracks employee attendance and working hours. Using natural language processing and tokenization, the system will interpret user queries, search relevant records, and generate detailed Excel reports on attendance patterns and working hours. Research on multiple methods under Time Forecasting Aug-Nov 2022  Spearheaded a time forecasting project utilizing advanced statistical models and machine learning techniques.  Developed predictive models including ARIMA (AutoRegressive Integrated Moving Aver- age) and LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) networks for time series forecasting.  Pre-processed data to handle missing values, outliers, and seasonality. Engineered features for better model performance, and validated accuracy through cross-validation and back testing. Algorithmic Trading Bot Jan 2024-May 2024  Developed an algorithmic trading bot leveraging the Fyers API and trading view for seamless integra- tion  with the stock market. Implemented automated trading strategies using Python, incorporating technical indicators and machine learning models for decision-making.  Utilized Selenium for web automation, enabling the bot to interact with the Fyers trading platform programmatically. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur Aug 2021-Present Bachelor of Technology (Hons.) in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA: 8.4 Specialization in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Current Nirmala Institute of science and commerce, Mumbai 2021 Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) (Class XII) Overall Percentage: 92 Computer Science with Physics Chemistry Mathematics and English TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages Tools C, C++, Python, Java, HTML, SQL, CSS, Java Data Science, AI, ML, Agile Methodology, Pandas, Numpy, TensorFlow CERTIFICATION AND ACHIEVEMENTS  NPTEL Certification in Design and Analysis of Algorithms  Certification in Enterprise Networking Security and Automation  Certification in Switching, Routing and Wireless Essentials  Certification in Agile virtual Experience by JPMorgan Chase and Co  Certification in Database Design by Oracle  Certification in Database Foundation Jul-Sep 2023 Nov 2023 Nov 2023 July 2023 Apr 2023 Apr 2023