Adarsh Pathak (cid:131) 7905356862 # pathakadarsh7905@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/adarsh  github.com/adarsh Education KIET GROUP OF INSTITUTIONS Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering (GPA: 8.02.00 / 10.00) St. Atulanand Convent School Aggregated(87.8) Internship IBM FOUNDATION Frontend Developer Expected May 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Varanasi,Uttar Pradesh Jun 2023  july 2023 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  Created responsive and interactive web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, ensuring compatibility across dierent browsers and devices.  Identied and xed bugs and performance issues in the frontend code, using browser developer tools and debugging techniques.  Maintained detailed documentation of code and development processes to facilitate knowledge sharing and future maintenance. Projects Tour and Travel Website | html,css,javascript,ReactJs  Developed a full-featured tour and travel website designed to enhance the user experience for travelers seeking to explore and book tours and vacation packages. The website includes robust functionalities to support destination discovery, tour bookings, and personalized travel planning..  Led the design and development of a comprehensive tour and travel website, managing cross-functional teams to implement advanced search functionalities, secure online bookings, and a responsive, user-friendly interface. Ensured project delivery on time and within budget, enhancing user engagement and booking rates..  Documented the project codebase and development process, facilitating future maintenance and enhancement, and deployed the website to a web hosting platform for public access. Movie Website | html,css,js,React  Developed an all-inclusive movie website designed to provide users with detailed information on movies, including reviews, ratings, and streaming options. The website features advanced search and lter functionalities, user accounts, and interactive elements to enhance user engagement..  Led the design and development of a comprehensive movie website, implementing advanced search functionalities, personalized user accounts, and a responsive interface. Managed cross-functional teams to ensure timely delivery and high user engagement. . Weather App | html,css,js,react  Developed a modern weather application using React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and a weather API (such as OpenWeatherMap), providing users with real-time weather information for their location and other locations worldwide.  Implemented geolocation functionality to automatically detect the users location and display the local weather forecast, as well as a location search feature to allow users to search for weather information for specic cities or regions worldwide. Technical Skills Languages: C,C++,Java,Python,Javascript Technologies: React.js, Express.js, jQuery, Bootstrap, Flask, Node.js, Concepts: Compiler, Operating System, Virtual Memory, Cache Memory, Encryption, Decryption, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, API, Database Normalization. Achievements  Secured 92 percentile in jee mains got rank 79615  300+ question on various platform like leetcode,geeksforgeeks  2* rating on Codechef Extra-curricular Club Member at DEVUP Volunteer:at annual sports Rann-22 and Rann-23 Sports-Engagements: chess , cricket ,table-tennis.