Tarun Daderwal Delhi  main.tarundaderwal@gmail.com  +91 6375172022 Education Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology Rajouri Garden, Delhi Bachelor of Technology (Information Technology) 2021-2025 CGPA: 8.34 (Till 5th Semester) Guru Harkishan Sen. Sec. Public School Hanumangarh, Rajasthan 10th percentage: 84.4 April 2017  May 2018 Genius Little Flower Public School Pilibanga, Rajasthan 12th percentage: 87.4 April 2019  May 2020 Mausiki A Music Website Projects  Employed HTML, CSS, and React.js to create an intuitive user interface for seamless navigation and engaging user experience.  Utilized TypeScript and JavaScript to implement dynamic content rendering, ensuring real-time updates and   smooth interactivity. Leveraged Node.js to build a robust backend infrastructure, enabling efficient server-side processing. Integrated Supabase as the database solution for secure and scalable data storage, handling user profiles, music metadata, and preferences. Prasathan A Travel Website  The website aims to provide users with an immersive experience to explore various travel destinations, plan trips, and discover travel-related information. Implemented HTML, CSS, and React framework to create an intuitive user interface, dynamic and interactive components, enhancing user engagement and interactivity. Implemented features such as destination search, trip planning tools, and user authentication using JavaScript to provide a seamless user experience. Integrated APIs to fetch real-time data such as flight schedules, hotel availability, and local attractions, enriching the website with up-to-date information.     Training & Certificates NPTEL  Swayam Programming in Java July  October 2023  In depth learning and implementation of Advanced Java technologies like Applet, Socket Programming, Multithreading etc.  Completed the course with a consolidated score of 81% and get a Silver + Elite Certificate from IIT Kharagpur. Skills & Interests Technical: Java, C++, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, SQL, PHP, Spring Language: English, Hindi, Punjabi Interests: Cricket, Travelling, Music