Meghana Haral Software Developer CONTACT +91-9359050887 haralmeghana@gmail.com Vasind, Thane, Maharashtra SKILLS Java OOPs Core Java L SUMMARY Proficient Software Development utilizing development skills to contribute to team projects and meet corporate objectives. Eager to learn Programming concepts, Good communication skills in English and regional languages. Driven and proactive with a proven history of going above and beyond to contribute to team objectives. EDUCATION YOP: 2024 B.E : Computer Engineering CGPA: 8 AC Patil Collage of Engineering, Kharghar. HTML5 and CSS3 Proficiency YOP:2020 HSC Web Development JavaScript Chandrabhan Sharma Junior Collage of Science and Commerce, Powai. J2EE Node JS MySQL YOP:2018 SSC New Ideal School, Vasind Express Js Programming Servlet Good Communication MongoDB Github PROJECT ACHIEVEMENTS   Internship Certificate as a Web Developer at SYNC INTERNS. Internship Certificate as a Web Developer and Designing at OASIS INFOBYTE  Scored #1323 rank among 7lakh+ participants in NCAT  Training Certificate as a Full stack Java Developer. LANGUAGE  ENGLISH  HINDI  MARATHI  Railway Reservation System : The website has various kinds of information that help with booking tickets via railways. Users will be able to search the train availability, the exact fare, and the arrival and departure time of the train and they can also book the ticket by using a debit, credit, or master card, after booking the ticket if the user wants to cancel it then they can easily do it also.  Pizza Order and Tracking App : Real-time pizza order tracker app using NodeJs, Express, and MongoDB. In this project, I have built a real-time online pizza order app using Node.Js, Express.Js, and MongoDB. Using tailwind CSS for frontend as a CSS framework and will be using EJS template engine as well as using socket.io for real-time communication. Using this app we will be able to order a pizza and get real-time notifications about pizza status  Virtual Attendance System : The Virtual Attendance System (VAS) has been made to help connect students and lecturers without the confines of the traditional classroom. It is an environment with digital software that is designed to manage user's Attendance and learning interventions as well as deliver learning content and resources to students. This project is an online portal between students and faculty