SWATHEE M Mobile number: +91 9940159115 Mail Id: swathee2004@gmail.com Address: Ambattur, Chennai-600053 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/swathee-m-29a14a25a About me As a dedicated and forward-thinking Computer Science Engineering student with a focus on Data Science, I am eager to apply classroom knowledge in a practical setting. Seeking an entry- level position to enhance knowledge and skills for organizational and personal growth. Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering with Specialization in Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Chennai, India. 2021- 2025 CGPA: 8.74 (up to 5th semester) HSC Velammal Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai, India. 2021 Percentage: 86.23% SSLC Velammal Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai, India.2019 Percentage: 82.4% Skills  Python  MS Excel Virtual Internships Virtual Internship  OctaNet Services Pvt Ltd (February 2024)  Developed an ATM interface project for efficient banking transactions and user interactions. Virtual Internship  Pantech Solutions Pvt Ltd Chennai (May 2023)  Designed interactive dashboards in Excel, making complex data easily understandable. Projects Project :1 Title: Forest Fire Detector Description:  Implemented an IOT-based model to identify and respond to wildfires as early as possible to prevent and minimize damage to forests and wildlife. Project:2 Title: Creating Dashboard Using Excel Description:  In this project I have used an automobile dataset to create a dashboard which involves summarizing and visually presenting data for quick insights, using charts, tables, and interactive elements. Project:3 Title: GPS and GSM Enabled Smart Blind Stick Description:  Implemented an IOT-based model addressing the needs of visually impaired individuals. A smart walking stick equipped with sensors to detect obstacles, holes, and water, ensuring enhanced safety during navigation. Certifications  Coursera  Crash Course on Python  Great learning  SQL for Data Science Languages  English, Tamil (Read, Write, Speak) Declaration I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge. Swathee M