Kushagra Singhal Contact No.: (+91)9068648942 E-mail: kushagrasinghal678@gmail.com I am a B. Tech CSE student with a strong academic background and a genuine enthusiasm for the world of technology. Possesses a solid understanding of computer science concepts and programming languages. Eager to leverage theoretical knowledge and embrace practical experiences through challenging projects. Ability to collaborate effectively in a team environment and adapt to evolving industry trends. Committed to honing skills, staying abreast of advancements, and making valuable contributions to the field of computer science. EDUCATIONAL QUIALIFICATIONS  Manipal University Jaipur (2021-25) B. Tech CSE (core)  P.R Public School (2021) Class XII (CBSE) (Score: 96%)  Shardein Public School (2019) Class X (CBSE) (Score: 89%) Positions of responsibility House captain- PR Public School (2020-21)  Represented the Hope house on part of 60+ students. Acted as an intermediary between the school head committee and the teachers  Part of a 6-member team to organise school level competitions in sports, debate and extra curriculars Deputy General Secretary (for IEI):  IEI (Institute of Engineers India) is a well-known mechatronics club working on innovative tech to make way of living more efficient  Organised IDRL (Indian Drone Racing League) in college campus 2022. In the event there were 20 licensed drone pilots participating, and I was part of a pilots team in which I learned about drones. Also helped the pilots with any assistance needed Certifications and Skills:  Certifications in: C, Data structures in C, SQL, Data base  Certifications from: Coursera, Great Learning  Programming languages: C, Python, SQL, html, JS, CSS,Bootstrap,Django Framework, Figma, Data Structures, php,Laravel Framework  Tools & Softwares: Vs studio, Davinci Resolve (video editing), Unity , Git Internship and Project  Shopee Database software & shopping website - Working on a software to manage all the info related to a tyre like its size, quantity etc for data management - - This software will make data management more efficient and secure for a Shopee Full stack development using Django, bootstrap  Text censoring ML&DL model ( Jan 2024  April 2024 ) - using BERT and LSTM model created a text censoring model  Backend Developer (May 2024  Aug 2024) Interned at arya.ag as an sde intern in php, on Laravel frame work. - - Worked on XSLT templates.