Harish Guptha Bysani  HarishGuptha9797 | (cid:239) Harish Guptha Bysani | # harishguptha bysani@srmap.edu.in | +91 9398558725 | Leetcode | Codechef | Work Experience Fruit Recognition using VGG-19 | Research Aug 2023 - Dec 2023  The VGG-19 technology was employed to recognize the input image of the fruit.  A distinctive feature of your project is its capability to accurately recognize fruits even when the input image is blurred.  Significant changes have been implemented in the architecture of VGG-19 incorporating an unblurring layer after the first convolutional layer.  This improvement led to an outstanding accuracy rate surpassing 90%. Technologies: Python,VGG-19(Image Processing). Projects Note Hub Github || Demo  User-authenticated note-taking system ensures data security and personalized user experiences.  Seamlessly integrated options for adding, editing, and deleting notes enhance user productivity and interaction.  Leveraged Firebase for authentication and Firestore for efficient data storage, handling up to 200 words per note.  Organized note data in Firestore based on user UID for structured storage, improving data retrieval times  Implemented real-time updates for note changes, promoting efficient collaboration. Technologies: HTML, CSS, React, Firebase. Online Code Editor Github || Demo  Developed an Online Code Editor with live preview functionality for HTML ,CSS and JavaScript.  Designed the left section to accept user input, divided into three parts for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, facilitating organized and modular coding.  Developed real-time preview functionality in the right section, enabling users to see the output instantly and reflecting instant changes in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering at SRM University Course Work: Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming in C++, Operating Systems, Database Management Systems, Computer Networks, Compiler Design, Cloud Computing, Data Warehousing and Mining, Applied Data Science, Software Engineering. (CGPA: 8.11/10.0) 2019 - 2021 Deeksha Junior College TSBIE 2018 - 2019 Sri Shanthinikethan School SSC (95.8%) (90.25%) Skills Programming Languages: C, C++, Python. Frontend: HTML, CSS, Javascript, React Others: Git, Github, MYSQL, Firebase.