Dear Hiring Manager, I am Vrinda Maria Tom, working as Senior process executive with nearly 5 years of work experience, of which 2.5 years in delivering quality services in Global Payroll input consolidation for United States payroll. My work impacts payroll of over 15000 employees based in U.S.A. Currently, I am working in Cognizant Technology Solutions India Private Limited as a Senior process executive. My responsibility entails handling payroll processes such as checking payroll input and output, posting accounting entry, handling ACH Rejection, off cycle payrolls, responding to critical employee queries and creating the Standard Operating Procedure (SOP). My role requires me to follow strict compliance and regulatory requirements based on U.S labour laws and company policies. I have strong communication and interpersonal skills that enables me to work effectively with various stakeholders and clients. My ability to dive deep into the process gaps coupled with an eye for detail helps me minimize errors, deliver in a timely manner and ensure high standards of quality. I hold an MBA degree specializing in Finance. My Curriculum Vitae is enclosed for your consideration. I appreciate your time and look forward to hearing from you. Please call me at +91-9447398734 if you wish to schedule an interview or have any questions on my CV. Vrinda Maria Tom VRINDA MARIA TOM Email: Vrindamariatom98@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vrinda-maria-tom-69842617b PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Intend to secure a challenging position where I could unleash my potentials and expand my knowledge and skills to build a meaningful career. Im looking to find a position where I can interact with people, build trust with stakeholders, deliver high quality customer service and satiate my curiosity to learn and grow. WORK HISTORY  Senior Process Executive at Cognizant 05 Oct 2023- Present  Handling end to end payroll operations for over 15000+ employees in US. Prepare, review, analyze and process payrolls in a timely, accurate manner ensuring compliance within regional regulations as well as company policy.  Played a key role in the transition stage and the preparation of Standard Operating procedures.  Handling Canada payroll.  Handling off-cycle payroll runs and ACH Rejections.  Preparation of Payroll journals, and responsible for post payroll activities.  Knowledge SPOC for responding to employee queries.  Experience in Multi-tasking and handling time sensitive tasks.  Finance Associate at LTIMindtree 08 Feb 2022  04 Oct 2023  Handling process of US related to people cost and payroll processing.  Checking of all payroll inputs and outputs, reconciling of payroll register with gross and taxes paid.  Providing accounting data for monthly basis, processing off-cycles and ensure disbursement of net pay.  Calculating payroll inputs like LOP, Arrears, Bonus, Loans recovery and FFS. Worked on reconciling of 401K and HSA.  Knowledge SPOC for responding to US Hourly based query.  Global payroll input consolidation and distribution to the payroll vendors.  Responsible for Full and Final settlement input.  Approval authority as per policy guidelines  Knowledgeable SPOC for responding to one-time payment query related to LTIMindtree employees.  Preparation of monthly variance Files, Cost Centre validation.  CA Article Assistant at ANKJ Associates 19 Sep 2019 - 30 Oct 2021  Taxation and Auditing: o Computing and arranging for timely deposit of taxes (income tax), o Preparing Payroll inputs, o Preparation and filing of GST monthly reports, refunds.  Accounting and Book Keeping Process: o Processing of general accounting activities in accordance with monthly and year end deadlines, o Preparations of financial report such monthly income statement, cash flow statements, Book keeping for trading concerns. SKILLS  Conversant in using MS Word, MS Excel and MS Power Point  Experience in SAP, Workday, Paycheck flex, ADP  Strong Interpersonal and communication skills  Usage of Tally Prime.  Familiar with WEBGST Software for GST Purpose, WINMAN TDS & CA ERP. LANGUAGE English Tamil Malayalam PROJECT Project Name: A report on implant training at Chinnus Appetizer Thekkumkathil Herbal products PVT.LTD Kannur Description: This study clearly explains the impact of training in the appetizer industries and the challenges they face in the growth of the business. The study show the initiatives adopted by the company to improve worker capabilities and organizational competencies of its employees, which results in creating a successful organization. Project Name: A study on financial performance of Ulikkal Service Co-operative Bank Ltd. Description: This study describes the working and the performance of this co-operative bank. The bank has managed to become financially stable & has maintained a steady growth track through best practices. The data collected through interviews with the bank officials and published financial statements, audited annual report for the past 5 Years elucidates the growth. This study was done with the help of statistical tools such as Ratio analysis, Trend analysis & Percentage. INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE  Tally ERP  Additional Skill Acquisition Program (ASAP)  Attended National Seminar on the credibility of Indian Banking System EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION Post Graduate Graduate MBA-Finance Manipal University Jaipur BCom  Finance Calicut University Dec 2021  Nov 2023 2016 - 2019