Yash Mittal Gurugram,Haryana (cid:211) +91-9911691840 mittalyash1214@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur,Jaipur 2021  2025 B.Tech Hons - Computer Science and Engineering with Specialization in IOT - CGPA - 7.82 Jaipur, Rajasthan COURSEWORK  DSA  Oops Concepts  System Design  Software Engineering  Operating Systems  Computer Networks  IOT Architecture  DBMS PROJECTS Emotion Detection Using Video | Python, OpenCV, Jupyter Notebook 2023  Implemented real-time emotion detection through video, focusing on facial expression recognition and analysis, and got accuracy upto 85% in collaboration with a 3-member team. Laboratory Management System | Python, GPIO, Rasperberry Pi 2023  Developed and implemented an RFID Scanner system using a Raspberry Pi and Python, enabling efficient and accurate tracking of laboratory assets.  Integrated an RFID Reader Module with the Raspberry Pi via SPI communication protocol, utilizing GPIO libraries for seamless hardware interaction.  Designed a user-friendly interface and optional database integration for real-time data storage and retrieval, enhancing asset management capabilities. INTERNSHIP Haryana Police, Gurugram Cyber police Cyber Cell Intern June 2024  July 2024 Gurugram, India  Collaborated with law enforcement and industry experts on cyber crime challenges.  Enhanced skills in cyber forensics, IT security, and banking technologies through hands-on training. SKILLS Java, Python, Git, SQL, MS Office, VS Code, IntelliJ, Canva, Communication Skills CERTIFICATIONS  CCNAv7: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials | Introduction To Networks - Cisco Net Cad  Ordered Data Structures - University of Illinois  Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java - Learnquest  Design and Analysis of Algorithms - SWAYAM NPTEL by IIT Madras  Ethical Hacking Essentials - EC-Council INVOLVEMENT Working Team at Aperture MUJ February 2021  June-2022  Developed the ability to work under pressure and meet tight deadlines.  Enhanced task management and efficiency.  Strengthened team-building and management skills, effectively navigating challenges and leveraging strengths to achieve goals. Joint Head of Coverage at IEEE SB MUJ May 2022  March 2023  Managed media activities including social channels, content creation, and promotional campaigns.  Led a team to oversee and document 20+ events, enhancing the branchs online presence.  Played a key role in event management, promoting the branchs mission of fostering innovation by 73% .