Anurag Parashuram Full Stack Developer Targeting Full-Stack Developer roles with an organization of high repute with a scope of improving knowledge and further career growth. Contact Profile Summary ay953584@gmail.com +91 7007210720 https://www.linkedin.com/in/anurag- parashuram-552977228/ Academic Details Program B. Tech (ECE) IIIT Una Institution CGPA Year 7.46 2020-24 Soft Skills 12th (Math) SAS (CBSE) 86.4 % 2018-19 10th (int.) SAS (CBSE) 80% 2016-17 Analytical | Collaborator | Leader | Adaptable Technical Skills o Programming Languages: JavaScript, Python, C++, C o Frameworks: React, Node.js, Bootstrap o Led the creation and enhancement of Patientoo, a dynamic patient management web application, integrating seamless real-time data updates and intuitive user interfaces to improve healthcare processes. o Created an internship project website using HTML, CSS, JS, and Bootstrap, integrated with the WhatsApp API for online laundry booking services. o Built a bacterial colony counter using Digital Image Processing techniques with Python for automated colony counting in petri dish images. o Proficient in front-end and back-end development, with strong expertise in MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React, Node.js). o Skilled in web technologies including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap, with experience in API integration. o Demonstrated ability in problem-solving and developing innovative solutions, with a keen focus on user-centric design and functionality. Academic Projects Patientoo (Web-Development) Tools: React, Express, MongoDB, Node.js Roles: Full-Stack Developer Developed and maintained Patientoo, a web application for efficient patient management, integrating features such as real-time data updates and user-friendly interfaces to streamline healthcare workflows Bacterial Colony Counter Tools: Python, DIP Techniques Roles: Python Developer Developed a Python-based tool on Google Colab to automate counting bacterial colonies in petri dish images, ensuring accurate and efficient microbiological analysis. Core Competencies Certificates: o Certificate Of Completion of Master C++ Programming from Beginner to Advance-C++ Git & GitHub o Certificate Of Completion of Data Structures and OOP with C++: CS104, CS105 Course Database Management Systems Object Oriented Database Manage- ment Systems Data Structure and Algorithms System Design Foundations Search Engine Optimization HTML & CSS Structured Query Language (SQL) Personal Details Date of Birth: 29th Dec 2000 Languages Known: English and Hindi Address: 5/w8, AVC, Barabanki (225001) Masterclass o Certificate Of Completion of System Design Foundations (A Step-by-Step Approach) o Certificate of Completion of The Front-End Web Developer Bootcamp: HTML, CSS, JS & React Professional Experience Intern Project (Laundry buoy) (Web-Development) (Jan-June,2023) Tools: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, WhatsApp API Roles: Front-End Developer Created a website using HTML, CSS, JS, and Bootstrap, integrated with the WhatsApp API, to facilitate online booking for laundry services. The platform enabled local city residents to conveniently schedule laundry pickups and deliveries. Leadership Experience President, ASTRAL Club IIIT Una, 2023-24 Led the club in organizing events, workshops, and seminars related to astronomy and space science in the college and local schools o o Coordinated with faculty and external experts to enhance learning opportunities for club members. o Managed a team of 60 members, fostering a collaborative and engaging environment.