Kunal Verma Kanpur, India | 7379325519 | @leetcode | @vermakunal177@gmail.com | @linkedin | @github | @Portfolio SUMMARY Versatile developer with a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, distinguished for problem solving skills. Ample experience in Data structures and algorithm, Problem solving, and programming. Efficient in collaborating and communicating new ideas and opinions. CERTIfiCATIONS Data Structures and algorithms | YouAccel training JavaScript | Qaifi Khan MERN stack cohort | Harkirat Singh MySQL | YouAccel training TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages : Java, Python, C, MySQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS Frameworks : ReactJS, Node.js, ExpressJS, MaterialUI Problem solving : Data structures and algorithms EXPERIENCE FreeLance | Disha Chemicals December 2023  Built and deployed a business platform for the firm used by more than 1000 customers daily.  Designed, built and deployed both frontend and backend from scratch.  Employed the power of React for optimal rendering and NodeJS for backend resulting in 10optimization for end-users. EDUCATION PSIT college of Engineering O.S.V.N. Inter college O.S.V.N. Inter college PROJECTS B.tech. in Computer Science and Engineering | GPA : 7.53 H.S.C. | GPA : 7.76 S.S.C. | GPA : 8.18 November 2020  present April 2018  March 2019 April 2016  March 2017 Anti Counterfeiting system using blockchain | Solidity, Remix, MySql, python, Tkinter, OpenCV Nov 2023  deployed a private blockchain and smart contracts for Decentralization of the (product transaction history) data storage.  Smart contracts written in solidity.  The user Interface which is able to scan or upload QR codes was built using Tkinter-python. Real Time Chat Application | mongodb, express, node, socket.io  Employed JWT tokens for secure transmission of login credentials for authorization .  used Socket.IO for low-latency, bidirectional and event-based communication between client and server.  NodeJS and ExpressJS for backend server. Spotify Clone | React, NodeJS, Express, JWT  Employed power of React to create a clone frontend of the Spotify.  A server Page to feed audio files to the frontend when the user is authenticated using JWT tokens. August 2023 July 2023 ACHIEVEMENTS Competitive achievements  Solved more than 500 problems using my knowledge of data structures and algorithms on various coding platforms, having rated among top 25% coders on leetcode.  Bronze medal in Aptitude Test conducted by NTC  Member of the elite batch in college special training  Rated maximum 1560 on LeetCode. EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Responsibility  Member of the prestigious GAIMAN writers club .  Journal writing member in R-reviews. Others  Script-writing, Film-making, Editing.