ALOK ANKIT +91 8002896907  alokanikiit@gmail.com EXPERIENCE Celebal Technologies Data Science Internship  Learned about the basic concepts of data science using python, basic ML and different clustering techniques.  Created house price prediction model using AI and basic concepts of ML.  Use Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and K-means for topic modeling and grouping similar documents in large text corpora. May 2024  July 2024  Learned about topic modeling and implemented it in the project task. TeensNEST Content researcher and Developer  Internship  Helped in Improving the reach of the community using effective content for audience attraction.  Wrote more than 10 articles for increasing the engagement of the website.  Used technical skill such as HTML, CSS to optimize website functionality.  Learned about web development projects. Jan 2023  Mar 2023 RESEARCH AND PROJECT EXPERIENCE Topic Modeling and Grouping Similar Documents May 2024  July 2024  Using Clustring algorithms Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and K-means for grouping similar documents in large text corpora. The process involves preparation, Choosing K, Model Training and Interpretation.  Both LDA and K-means have their strengths and are chosen based on the specific needs of the analysis, such as the desire for probabilistic topic distribution (LDA) or hard clustering (K-means). Metro Rail Jan 2024-Mar 2024  Program is implemented using Graph and Heap data structures.The graph has nodes and edges. Nodes represent a metro station that will be containing certain information regarding that station like its name, its metro corridor, and the lines which it connects. Edges (the connection between two nodes) represent the distance between the two stations and the cost of each edge will be equal to the distance between the two of its connecting stations(nodes).  using different algorithms like Dijkstra, breadth-first search, depth-first search, etc, the shortest path between the source station and the destination station is determined, and accordingly, the fare is being calculated on the basis of it. Vehicle Detection and counting System Sep 2023-Dec 2023  Using OpenCV is to develop a robust and efficient solution for automated monitoring of traffic. Image Processing techniques by OpenCV to accurately detect vehicles.  Ensure Real time processing, AWS IoT manages data transmission, Management and storage. MySQL is used for database system. User interface and dashboard using HTML and CSS. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Oct 2021-Expected May 2025  Bachelor of Technology CSE IOT and IS (Hons.) | Prominent Coursework: DSA, Python, OOPS, Basic ML, AI ,HTML , CSS, OS, RDBMS and SQL. St. Michael's High School  Higher Secondary | Cricket Team, Scout and Guide, NSO and IMO . Jun 2019  May 2021 SKILLS Technical Skills: Data science, Data Structure and algorithms, Python, C++, Basic ML, HTML, CSS, OOPS, RDBMS, MySQL, OS Framework and Tools: VS Code, Anaconda, Excel, PowerPoint, Github, Soft skills: Analytical Thinking, Strategic Planning, Problem Solving and Pressure Handling ACHIEVEMENTS AND INTERESTS Certifications: CCNA Switching, Wireless and Routing Essentials by Cisco academy, Networking Essentials by Cisco networking academy, Intro to OOP by Coursera, Ordered Data Structures by Coursera, C for everyone by coursera, oracle database foundation by Oracle, SE virtual Experience by Forage  Interests: Fitness, Cricket, Podcasts (Ranveer Allahbadia), Table Tennis, Politics.