AYUSH KUMAR BHARTIYA +91-9536330961  Ghaziabad, UP ayushkumar32539@gmail.com  Linkedin  Github EDUCATION B.Tech, Computer Science and Engineering Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University. Expected 2024 Intermediate, CBSE Aster Public School ,Greater Noida SKILLS Technical Skills HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJs, NodeJs,React Native, WordPress, C/C++, Git, Figma Soft Skills RELEVANT EXPERIENCE Web Developer Intern Roms Pizza(Certificate) Persistent Critical-thinker, Natural negotiator. Nov 2022 - Jan 2023 Remote 2018 - 2020  Collaborated with a team of 4-5 designers and developers to create and maintain the companys website  Communicated with stakeholders to gather requirements and provide progress updates. Web Developer Intern Agbiz Tech(Certificate) Apr 2023 - Jun 2023 Remote  Successfully Integrated backend APIs to ensure seamless data flow and application functionality.  Mentored and provided guidance to junior developers, fostering a collaborative and productive team environment. KEY PROJECTS Exam Portal(Link) Jun 2022 - Aug 2022  Collaborated with a team to design and develop an online exam portal using ReactJS, NodeJS, and MongoDB  Contributed to the development of the user interface and overall user experience  Developed the login page and user feedback functionality, and implemented regular expression validation for the form. Crypto Tracker(Link) Apr 2023 - May 2023  Developed a comprehensive web application that tracks real-time cryptocurrency data, featuring an interactive user interface designed with Material-UI and real-time data visualization using charts.  Implemented state management using Context API to efficiently handle global state, and integrated third-party APIs to fetch and display live cryptocurrency data, ensuring users have the most up-to-date market information.  Enhanced the user experience by incorporating search and filter functionalities, allowing users to easily find and analyze specific cryptocurrencies based on various criteria. ACHIEVEMENTS AND ACTIVITIES and industry applications, and learning from industry experts.(Certificate)  Completed Amazon Machine Learning Summer School, gaining practical insights into cutting-edge techniques Jun 2022 -Jul 2022  Achieved the position of First Runner-up in the Inter University Ideathon at Dr. B.R. Ambedkar University, Delhi, showcasing strong ideation, problem-solving, and teamwork skills in a competitive academic environment. Feb 2023  Achieved a notable rank of 53 in Round 2 of Codekaze, a prestigious coding competition, showcasing problem- Jun-2023 solving skills and proficiency in algorithmic programming. LEADERSHIP  Served as Vice President of NSCC (National Service Scheme) at AKGEC, demonstrating leadership, organiza- Jun 2022 -Sep tional, and community engagement skills.(Certificate) 2022  Front-End Lead At Computer Society Of India(CSI)-AKGEC Sep 2022 -Present  Played an integral role as a member of Slum Swaraj Foundation, a community-driven organization dedicated to empowering underprivileged communities.