ARFA MEHTAB HR Professional experience with 3.6 years and dedicated to work in a Reputed Company with a Professional work Environment where I can utilize my knowledge, skills which would enable me to grow with fulfilling organization goals. Contact +919108443348 DOB-24March-1995 7mehtab.hr@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/arfa- mehtab-a044a8104 Bangalore- 560043. SKILLS People Management Training and development Performance improvement HR Operation Organization Skill Team Player Recruitment and selection Decision making Leadership skills Time Management Well Organized Positive Attitude Coordinating and flexible Maximum Attention to Details Listener Good Learner Work force improvement Languages ENGLISH HINDI KANNADA URDU MBA with an Academic Score of 71% in the dual specialization of HR and Finance. EDUCATION MASTER OF BUSINSS ADMINSTRATION-[2017-2019] Masters in Maharani Womens College from Bangalore University. BACHELOR OF COMMERCE[2013-2016] Degree in Don-Bos-co Institute of Bio-Science& Management Studies from Bangalore University COMPUTERSCIENCE, ECONOMICS, BUSINESS STUDIES AND ACCOUNTANCY[2011-2013] PUC in Sheshadripuram Independent PU College SECONDARYSCHOOLLEAVINGCERTIFICATE [2011-2012] SSLC in Shree Ram International School WORK EXPERIENCE HR-Executive Star Air (Airlines) April-2023-tillnow  Managed end-to-end executive recruitment, including candidate screening, interviewing, and assessment to identify the most qualified individuals.  Specialized in recruiting for Security, Commercial, IT, Quality, and Camo departments across various locations.  Conducted hiring through multiple channels, including walk- ins, internal recruitment, career pages, and LinkedIn.  Oversaw on boarding addressed employee concerns and handled exit formalities.  Scheduled and confirmed interviews with candidates.  Maintained personnel files, ensuring timely and accurate processing and filing of forms for assigned locations.  Managed employee performance evaluations and appraisals.  Provided Payroll Inputs. HR Associate Edyugam Tuition Technologies Pvt Ltd-Teensclaz  Talent acquisition Sourcing and recruiting candidates by July-21toApril-23 using databases different Job Portals etc.  Welcoming new employees, explaining work culture in brief and fulfilling joining formalities.  Orientation and Induction sessions for new joiners.  Coordination with managers of new employees process probationary process and evaluations.  Working on HR Policies, Designing and Implementing the Policies.  Built human resource organization and aligned people and culture with corporate strategic priorities and operations.  Responsible for complete exit formalities and full and final settlement process.  Employee Engagement  Payroll Inputs to Finance department  MIS Management increment,promotionsetc.  Organizing Employee Engagement Sessions on timelybasisandmanagingstaffwellnessinitiatives TECHNICALSKILLS Resolvecomplexemployeerelationsissuesandaddress grievances SAP HCM Support the management of disciplinary and grievance Microsoft Excel. issues. Maintenance of all kinds of database as well as human resource information (Induction, Resignation, Microsoft Word. Appraisaletc.Processemployees'queriesandrespondina Microsoft timelymanner PowerPoint. Lookups Pivot table in excel Data base using Google Application Google forms AREASOF INTEREST  Traveling  Carom  Social Media  Singing  Browsing HR Assistant SKF- Oct-21toJuly-22  Looking after entire Recruitment cycle  Joining, induction and orientation formalities  Payroll processing  Training and Development  Employee Engagement  Grievance handling  Data Analysis HR Intern ALL-SECTECHNOLOGIES (2Months) 2019  Discussed departmental vacancy requirements with department heads and gathered job descriptions (JDs).  Collaborated with senior management on the company's hiring needs and strategies.  Communicated job openings internally through message blasts, portals, and walk-ins.  Conducted initial interview rounds with guidance from senior team members.  Maintained recruitment data using Excel NEEMHR 22 SKF-BEARINGMANUFATURINGCOMPANY July- PROJECTDETAILS(MAJOR) Role of Whistle Blowing in the Reduction of Corrupt Practice. Dec2018 LookingafterentireNEEMRecruitmentcycle Joining,inductionandorientationformalities Payrollprocessing TrainingandDevelopment EmployeeEngagement Grievancehandling DataAnalysis HR Recruiter Sep-21 CALTIZONPvtLtd Shortlisting the candidates by taking TelephonicInterviewinthePhoneInitially. SchedulingInterviewforshortlistedcandidates. TakingInterviewforBPOJobs. Selecting,recruitingthenewemployeetotheFirm. ManagingandRetainingRelationshipswiththe Clients.  This project aims to investigate the financial implications of corruption in the organization.  To examine the leading case of whistle-blowing in India.  Whistle blowers commonly face retaliation in the form of harassments, firing, black listing, threats and even physical violence and their disclosure are routinely ignored.  Whistle blowers commonly face retaliation in the form of harassments, firing, black listing, threats and even physical violence and their disclosure are routinely ignored.  To enhance or to motive the whistle-blowing is not a crime some remuneration also been taken places in organization by this transparency the other who have thought of any wrong- doing have been abolished  Most of the people in the organization if they had felt they have some problems in organization hesitate to disclose in the organization and 67% have been agreed for this questionnaire.  The reason is different for not to disclosure of wrong- doingand37%ofrespondentsoptedforperceivedriskfor not to disclose by this the corruption are not going to be reduced MINI PROJECT EFECTIVNESS OF EMPLOYEE HIRING PRACTICES ON FIRMPERFORMANCE  This project aims to investigate and detail the effectiveness of employees while hiring practices job seekers.  The conflict between top management and employees level  An employee feeling a lack of recognition for hard- work.  Match with the Requirements of hiring candidates.