Aditya Kapil Tanikella  tanikella-kapil | (cid:239) tanikella-kapil | # tanikella.kapil@gmail.com | H +918309556153 Summary An enthusiastic student pursuing B Tech in electronics and communication Engineering in SRM University, AP. Aiming to gain knowledge and good work experience. Keen about acquiring hands-on experience and growing knowledge. Passionate to learning from experienced industry professionals and making a good impact on teams and projects. Looking for good carrer opportunity to advance my career, build a strong foundation for my future ambitions, and contribute significantly to the company. Work Experience Internship at Emertxe Aug 2023 - Oct 2023 Acquired in-depth knowledge of embedded systems and proficiency in PicSimLab; successfully executed a complex microwave oven project and gaining substantial practical experience in embedded technology June 2024 - July 2024 Intern at Systecks Solution Developed skills in IoT, microprocessors, and Arduino Uno.Designed and implemented a digital clock project using Tinkercad, showcasing practical application of embedded systems and electronic components. Projects Theft detection using Microcontoller Implemented a real time project on theft detection using Raspberry Pi,GSM,IR sensor.The real-time logic works with the necessary support module and connections to control the device with a PC.Also used SMTP to communicate via mail.This project helped me to explore and gain hands-on experience on raspberry pi board ,microprocessor and microcontroller Spam mail detection in AI and ML Implemented spam mail detection using machine learning with various algorithms and compared their accuracy.Used binary tree, SVM, CNN, random forest, logistic regression, and linear regression.Analyzed the performance of each algorithm to determine the most effective approach for our task. Digital clock using Thinkercad Designed and implemented a digital clock using Tinkercad, featuring an Arduino Uno and an LCD 16x2 display. The project involved wiring and programming the Arduino to control the display and manage timekeeping functions. Integrated push buttons for setting hours and minutes, allowing user interaction. This project showcased my ability to work with microcontrollers, digital displays, and basic input/output operations, along with skills in circuit design, simulation, and Arduino programming. Skills Technical Skills Software Skills: Python, Java, SQL, Matlab, C Hardware Skills: Physical Design, ASIC Design, Verilog, Cadence Virtuoso, VHDL Tools Jupyter Emu8086 VS Code EasyEDA CST Soft Skills Problem Solving Team Management Enthusiastic Passionate Communication Education SRM University, AP B.Tech in Electronics and communication engineering Aditya Junior College MPC Aditya High School MPC Achievements 2021  present CGPA  8.28 2019  2021 percentage90% 2018  2019 CGPA  9.5 Mathwork virtual internship program Completed a comprehensive suite of machine learning and artificial intelligence courses using MATLAB, explored commands Udemy certification on Python for beginners - Learn all the basics of python. This certification course provided a comprehensive introduction to Python programming, covering funda- mental concepts and essential skills for beginners.By completing this certification, I have gained a solid foundation in Python programming, enabling me to tackle more advanced topics and projects confidently. Certificate link