Harsh Verma Varanasi | rhans7207@gmail.com | +91 7275762182 | linkedin.com/in/harsh-verma | https://github.com/Harsh540 | leetcode.com/u/harsh_verma Objective Enthusiastic B.tech graduate seeking an entry-level position to contribute to innovative projects and grow within a dynamic organization. Open to learning and adapting to various roles and responsibilities. Education Lovely Professional University, B.Tech in CSE  CGPA: 8.05/10.0 Army Public School CBSE, XII Apr 2019 - Mar 2020  Percentage: 86.0 % Army Public School CBSE, X Apr 2017- Mar 2018  Percentage: 84.0 % Aug 2020 - May 2024 Training Experience Training in Java Full Stack, CipherSchools  Description: Java Full Stack Training provides comprehensive instruction in application development using Java Jan 2023 - Feb 2023 technologies. learn to build dynamic applications by mastering Java programming, and frameworks like Swing.  Key Technologies: Java, Swing Framework.  Impact: Successfully learned to create a java-based application, Building frames, buttons, text boxes, and more using Swing. May 2022 - June 2022 Cyber security and ethical hacking and vulnerability reported, Board Infinity  Description: Learned about Phishing attacks with Ngrok, System Shell Hacking with malicious links, Browser attacks, System Security, Mobile Hacking, Cross-Site Scripting (XSS), and SQL injection.  Key Technologies: SQL injection, Cross-site Scripting ,  Impact: Fetched database, tables, passwords, and user-name using SQL injection. Fetched cookies using XSS in an e- commerce website. Certifications 4th International Conference on Computational Methods in Science & Technology (ICCMST-2024) Issued by: ICCMST Date: Apr 2024 Database Management System Part - 1 Issued by: Infosys | Springboard Date: Jul 2023 CompTIA Linux+ Issued by: Cybrary Date: Apr 2023 Introduction to Java Full Stack Issued by: CipherSchools Date: Feb 2023 Introduction to Cybersecurity Essentials Issued by: IBM | Coursera Date: Nov 2022 Cyber Security and Ethical Hacking Issued by: Board Infinity Date: July 2022 Projects Bank Management System :  Description: A windows-based application created using Java, Swing and connected the database using Conn SQL.  Achievements: Successfully .optimize the concepts of OOPS. Created classes and Constructors. Learned about Swing framework and build an application using it.  Key Technologies: Java, Swing, SQL, OOPs..  Impact: Significantly store the user details and pins in database, Calling of constructors at runtime, Smoothly runs the queries to perform and fetch the data. from database. User can login to application using the account number and pin provided to them once the signup formed is filled after login can perform various task. To-do list and form validation: Designed and Implemented Using HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Description: Developed a webpage having a form that collects data from user and display them on the screen in form of card. Users can update, delete and view more content that will be displayed in the card.  Achievements: Successfully trained and optimized front end development using HTML, CSS and JS. Learned the concept of DOM in JS and implemented them in the project.  Key Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Impact: Able to create a card once the form is submitted. Added buttons in card to edit and delete as per requirements. Additional Experience And Awards  Successfully published a research paper that was accepted at the ICCSMT conference and attended the conference virtually. April24.  Attended a Hackathon organized by Programming Pathsala, where I learned about ReactJS and successfully created a project using it Feb 23.  Athletic Meets: Competed in athletic meets conducted in University and schools. Technologies Languages: Java, JavaScript, HTML, S Q L , CSS, Swing. Technical skills: OOPs, Cyber Security, Unity 3D game development Technical Software: MySQL, VMware Workstation, Unity.