KISHORE E m 8248105834 | k shankishore003@gmail.com | C linkedin.com/in/kishore-e | ) github.com/Kishore-7n EDUCATION Bachelor of Engineering - Computer science and Engineering Chennai Institute of Technology, Chennai. SKILLS CGPA-8.9 2021-2025  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES - C , C++ , Java , Python .  WEB TOOLS & FRAMEWORKS  Html , Css , JavaScript , Bootstrap , React Js , Material UI , Redux js , Node js, Mysql , Mongodb , PostgreSql, React Native , SpringBoot.  DEVELOPER TOOLS  Git , GitHub ,Linux , Docker, AWS(EC2,S3,RDS),Intellij ,Android Studio,Visual studio code. INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE Web Developer Intern  Buzzworks Business and Services Pvt Ltd, Chennai Mar 2023  July 2023  Developed a user interface for the application form using React.js, Material-UI, and custom CSS, resulting in a responsive and visually appealing design.  Collaborated with back-end developers to integrate the front-end with the Node.js server and MySQL database, ensuring seamless data flow.  Integrated Material-UI to create responsive and visually appealing designs, ensuring consistency and accessibility. PROJECTS 1.FARMEX | liveurl  Designed and developed a secure E-commerce platform with admin dashboard for valuable insights. Aug 2023  Integrated with Stripe payment gateway and real-time message sharing capabilities through Twilio.  Secure authentication system with Jwt for login and registration.  Used react-redux to maintain the state of the user , cart items and Chart js for categorized purchase details.  TechStack  React Js,Node js,Mongo db,Express js,Twilio(Whatsapp integration),Stripe(payment gateway). 2.STOCKINVESTO | liveurl  Developed a full-stack stock investment app using PERN stack for user interface, data management, and real-time May 2024  Integrated real-time stock market data feeds into the app, allowing users to make informed investment decisions updates. based on up-to-date information and implemented stripe for payment.  Using Chart.js to visualize stock values in real-time, enhancing user experience and data analysis.  TechStack  React Js,Node js,PostgreSQL,Express js,Stripe(payment gateway),Chart Js. 3.BLOGGOBUZZ | liveurl  Designed and developed a user-friendly blog website with intuitive navigation, responsive layout.  Included features like seamless reading and effortless posting to enhance user experience and engagement.  Used Material UI and pagination components for providing smooth user interface to the users.  Used cloudinary third party cloud platform to store images and generates image links.  TechStack  React Js,Node js,Mongo db. Apr 2023 4.MEDCARE | liveurl  Developed Medcare, a medical appointment booking application, to streamline the scheduling process for patients. Aug 2022  Users can search for doctors by specialty, view real-time appointment availability, and book appointments directly through the form.  Integrated with Node mailer for notifications regarding appointment booking and remainders about appointment.  TechStack  Html,css,Javascript,Node js,Mongodb. CERTIFICATIONS  Build a Backend Rest Api with Node js from Udemy.  Skillathon Uipath citizen developer from Uipath and ICT Academy.  Certificates from Coursera Project Network.  Programming in Java  NPTEL . COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING  Leetcode  successfully solved 300+ problems with the contest rating of 1329. link  Codechef  successfully solved 100+ problems with the contest rating of 1261. link  Skillrack - successfully solved 600+ problems in Skillrack . link 12hours 15hours 10hours 15hours