Varnika Singh  House no. 69, Shanti Niketan Colony, DM Road, Bulandshahr, 203001  Phone: 9720295161  Email: singhvernika2003@gmail.com  LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/varnika-singh-559113221 Objective: Passionate and detail-oriented software developer with a solid foundation in Java, Python, and C. Seeking to leverage my skills in front-end development, including proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, to contribute to innovative projects at a dynamic tech company. Eager to apply my knowledge of React and Next.js to create engaging and user-friendly web applications. Committed to continuous learning and staying updated with the latest technologies to enhance software development processes. Education:  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, 2021-2025 CGPA: 8.5 Intermediate(12th)  Renaissance School, 2020-2021 Percentage: 94% Skills: Technical Skills:  Java  Python  HTML  CSS  JavaScript  MongoDB  React  Next.js Soft Skills:  Leadership  Teamwork  Stress Management  Communication skills  Writing skills  Persuasive skills  Dedicated towards work Liscenses and Certification:  The Complete Web Developer in 2023: Zero to Mastery - Udemy  Beginning C++ Programming: From Beginner to Beyond - Udemy  Blockchain enabled urban transportation:A new era mobility - International Journal of Engineering and Science  Python for data science - Infosys Projects:  Weather App- A project used for finding the weather of any place and also detects your current location and it's weather forecasting. It is build using HTML, CSS, Javascript and weather API.  Plant Caring App- A project for maintaining the data about various plants and trees. And suggest the ways to take care of the tree accordingly to it's type by identifying it with the image. It is build using React and API.  3-D Website- A 3-D website of a golf course displaying the available services and a video running in the background. It is build using HTML,CSS,Javascript. Languages:  English (Fluent)  Hindi (Native) Extracurricular Activities:  Debate  Extempore  Volleyball  Badminton  Olympiads