Piyush Kumar Shukla Front-end Developer Skilled Front-end Developer in designing, developing and maintaining front-end web Applications. Contact Piyushkumarshukla432@gmail.com +91 9871384107 www.linkedin.com/in/pshukla07 https://github.com/anshul22-hub Academic Details o Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Internet of Things. Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology (2025) Soft Skills Analytical | Collaborator | Leader | Adaptable Technical Skills o Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, HTML/CSS o Libraries/Frameworks: REST APIs, React.js, Node.js. o Database: MongoDB, Firebase. o Tools: Vs code. Personal Details Date of Birth: 25 April 2005 Languages Known: English, Hindi . Academic Projects Amazon Clone Tools: React, HTML, CSS, React Context API. PROJECT-DESCRIPTION o User Authentication: Implementing Firebase Authentication to allow users to sign up, sign in, and securely manage their accounts. o Product Listings: Displaying a wide range of products with details such as images, descriptions, prices, and ratings, mirroring the functionality of the real o Shopping Cart: Enabling users to add products to their shopping cart, view their selected items, and adjust quantities before proceeding to checkout. o Real-time Database: Utilizing Firebase Realtime Database to store and retrieve product information, user data, and order details, ensuring seamless data synchronization across devices. o Payment Processing: Integrating payment gateways to facilitate secure and convenient transactions, providing users with multiple payment options. o Responsive Design: Ensuring that the Amazon Clone is fully responsive, allowing users to browse and shop seamlessly across various devices. Food Delivery Website Tools: React JS, MongoDB, Express, Node JS & Stripe. PROJECT-DESCRIPTION o User Authentication: We will create the user authentication system so that anyone can create an account and login this food order website. o Shopping cart functionality: We will create the shopping cart functionality so that user can add food items in their cart and order food from this app. o Payment gateway: We will also integrate the Stripe payment gateway to place the order and with online payment. o Order status update: Then we will create the order status update features also. Certifications JAVA Programming (certificate) o Solved 150+ coding problem on different Coding Platforms. Bacic Python programming (certificate) o Solved 50+ coding problem on different Coding Platforms. Artificial Intelligence (AI) (certificate) Address: Noida, Uttar Pradesh Declaration o I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.