tusharcdry@gmail.com 9821985448 in/tushar-chaudhary-4a49621a3 portfolio-eight-alpha-27.vercel.app/ Tushar Chaudhary SUMMARY MERN stack developer skilled in building dynamic web applications using MongoDB, Express.js, ReactJS, and Node.js. Proficient in Next.js for server-side rendering and performance optimization. Adept at creating secure authentication systems, managing cloud databases and implementing RESTFUL APIs. Committed to delivering robust, scalable, user-friendly solutions with a strong track record of successful project completion. EXPERIENCE Web Developer Dimitra   January 2024 - February 2024 Canada , Contributed to the development of the company's website by designing the user interface for the new land suitability component. Facilitated seamless integration of the API with the designed UI.  Additionally, provided support in debugging existing projects to enhance their performance and functionality. PROJECTS TextUtils github.com/tushar12357/TextUtils    Enhanced user experience with live preview and word count. Developed text manipulation functions for efficiency. Programmed customizable background color feature with TextUtils. News Wizard github.com/tushar12357/News-Wizard  Learned about using React.js along with news API.   This website extracts news from the API in real time and shows it to the user. Its features include: infinite scrolling, distinguishing news according to genres like- science, sports etc. Zwigato github.com/tushar12357/Zwigato   Enable secure sign-up and login. Users can browse food items, add them to their cart, and manage selections before placing orders. Securely store user data and orders in a MongoDB cloud database. Users can view order history, track orders, and receive real-time updates.  Utilize ReactJS for a seamless user experience. The responsive design ensures compatibility across devices, providing a consistent interface for browsing, ordering, and managing account details. EDUCATION Degree: Bachelor of Technology. Major: Electronics and Communication Engineering Minor in Computer Science Engineering  Guru Tegh Bahadur Insitute of Technology  New Delhi,India  2025  8.805 CERTIFICATIONS Rocket Propulsion and Spacecraft Dynamics Indian Space Research Organization Management Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology  2023  Was part of the core team in organizing the college tech fest 'SANCHAAR' SKILLS Full Stack Web Developement: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, Next.js, MongoDB, RESTFUL APIs Programming Languages: C++, Python Database: MySQL . .