TARUN MANCHIKATLA Thane, Maharashtra  +91-9371508108  tarunmanchikatla@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tarun-manchikatla-096910287/ GitHub: https://github.com/tarunnnm SUMMARY Bachelor's in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science, gaining a comprehensive understanding of the core principles in the field. Eager to apply my academic knowledge to real-world challenges and further develop my skills in the evolving field of computer engineering. I'm seeking experiences, opportunities that challenge me to be a better version of myself. WORK EXPERIENCE Java Full Stack Developer Trainee - ExcelR Feb 2024 - July 2024 Experienced in Java programming skills through engaging tasks and assignments. Demonstrated consistent commitment to excellence, leveraging the platform's scoring and evaluation system to refine expertise. Well-equipped with a proven track record of tackling challenging Java problems and continuously enhancing proficiency. Hands-on experience on new opportunities and effectively collaborative in development of projects. Advanced Software Engineering - Forage April 2024 - May 2024 I Completed the Advanced Software Engineering Job Simulation where I solved difficult technical projects for a variety of teams at Walmart. Developed a novel version of a heap data structure in Java for Walmarts shipping department, showcasing strong problem-solving and algorithmic skills. Designed a UML class diagram for a data processor, considering different operating modes and database connections. Created an entity relationship diagram to design a new database accounting for all requirements provided by Walmarts pet department. EDUCATION BE in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science A C Patil College of Engineering HSC in Science BNN College SSC Vivekananda English Medium School ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Sep 2020 - May 2024 Aug 2018 - Aug 2020 June 2008 - April 2018 Technical Skills: Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Python, SQL, SpringBoot, JDBC, Hibernate Tools: Git, VS Code, Eclipse, MS-Excel Database: MySQL Operating System: Ubuntu OS Certifications: Advanced Software Engineering - Forage, Java Full Stack Developer - ExcelR Languages: English, Marathi, Hindi, Telugu