KRITI SHARMA +91 8800259170  kriti.sharma2819@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/kriti-sharma-a1744b259  https://github.com/Kriti2819?tab=projects EDUCATION Bachelors of Computer Science Manipal University Jaipur Class XII Amity International School TECHNICAL SKILLS Expected 2025 2020-2021 92.4% Programming Language: Python, C, C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Skills: Github, OpenCV, Google Collab, DSA, Communication, SDLC(Software Development Life Cycle) Certifications: AWS Academy Cloud Foundations(AWS Cloud Academy), Enterprise Networking, Security, and Au- tomation (Cisco), Introduction to Software Engineering (IBM) ACADEMIC PROJECTS Vehicle Counting and License Detection System- Research Paper and Prototype Using ANPR and custom YOLOv8 models for accurate number plate detection. January 2024  Employed OCR API for real-time text extraction, implementing Multithreading to enhance ANPR accuracy and efficiency by 90%.  Employed graph data structures and Dijkstras algorithm to monitor parking spot availability and optimize cus- tomer routes, reducing waiting time by 80%. Implemented Firebase for robust backend management of entry/exit timestamps linked to unique vehicle plates.  Developed a license detecting prototype in python using python libraries. E-commerce Clothing Website Developed a visually appealing and user-friendly interface.  Utilize CSS frameworks like Bootstrap or Flexbox to create responsive grids, navigation menus, and interactive elements for seamless user experience.Dynamic product catalog using HTML templates and JavaScript to show- case products with images, descriptions, and pricing.  With responsive design elements, the website adapts to various screen sizes, ensuring accessibility across desk- Interactive features such as product filtering, sorting, and search functionality tops, tablets, and smartphones. enable users to quickly find items based on their preferences. ACHIEVEMENTS Smart Healthcare Software, Secured second place in Hackathon : November 2023  Participated in a global hackathon and emerged as a winner, securing a prize of 30K.  Deployed a system leveraging hand gesture navigation, facial recognition to authenticate, authorize medical per- sonnel. Employed the GPT-4 API to condense patient information and suggest prescriptions, respectively.  Utilized Gen AI for audio transcription and synthesis, cutting database retrieval time by 85% for improved efficiency during urgent scenarios.  Deployed Firebase as the backend database solution, combined with Flask for creating an interactive HTML and CSS interface, guaranteeing an intuitive user experience. Presented FIR Solution In Final Round | Rajasthan Police Hackathon 1st Edition : January 2024  Identifies individuals involved in criminal activities through facial, voice, and biometric analysis and generates FIR document in PDF format, specifying the offense details and the corresponding legal section under which the offense falls.  Enhances law enforcements efficiency and accuracy in responding to incidents and upholding the rule of law. Leetcode (80+ questions) :  Proficient in Problem-Solving, contributor to coding community