Nahas Bava Accounts and Finance Dept. Prole nahasbava123@gmail .com 8137088365 Kerala,India 29/10/96 https://www.linkedin .com/in/nahasbava Male Skills SAP FI and HANA Modules Tally ERP Oracle Advanced Microsoft Excel Peachtree Sage, ODO, Powerpoint SAP BI Hobbies Photography Travel Meditation Music Career objective With the Six years of Work Experiance, I strive to work hard for my career growth as well as to contribute my best for the development of your Organization and also gaining diverse cultural experiences, Expanding my professional experiances and knowledge on a global scale. Here am seeking a fresh and challenging career opportunities related to Accounts and Finance Dept. Kindly go through the resume and offer me the suitable role to prove my condence level that meets your desired professional eciency. Work Experiences Accounts Receivables cum Debt Collector- UAE Semi Govt. Co., DIP 1,Dubai IMDAAD LLC 05/04/22 25/12/23 Contacting debtors by phone, mail, or email to request payment. Negotiating payment arrangements, plans and payoff deadlines with debtors. Keeping accurate records of collection activity and maintaining proper Excel sheets and followups.  Assisting with ling legal documents and escalating cases where required.  Providing customer service and answering questions related to debt.  Researching accounts for accurate information regarding Clients. Writing and Submitting of weekly/monthly reports with collection activity and status of existing clients.  Following up on delinquent accounts and locating and notifying customers of delinquent accounts. Generating receipts and statements of clients and providing up to date SOA. Managing complaints, advising customers for necessary actions and strategies for debt repayment. Senior Credit Controller - Geepas Head Oce,Jebel Ali,Dubai,UAE 20/12/22 05/07/20 Single handedly controlled and managed Statement Of Accounts of 600+ Wholesale Customer's sales and credit ow, Credit limit, Sales volume, Monthly/Annual Reports etc consisting Six different Brands and 1500+ SOA. Managing and Assisting 5 junior billing Accountants for releasing their sales orders by proper credit check. Ensuring collection process by managing 40 Salespersons and allowing collection Incentives accordingly. Following up payments as needed according to the Client's Credit Limit. Negotiating re-payment plans, Responding to relevant client enquiries, Processing and Taking Actions for outstanding payments. Reconciling accounts and Providing administrative support to collection team. Keeping close watch on debtors account balances and Informs the concerned sales person to take proper initiatives to clear the Overdues. Answering queries, Communicating with the clients for the Overdues and sending SOA with proper supporting documents within due date for clearing the same. Client creation, Market visit, Ensuring proper documentation needed for credit checks on new clients. Identify and solve customer needs regarding payment terms and credit limit. Accounts Receivables - Geepas Head Oce,Jebel Ali,Dubai,UAE 01/06/20 31/08/19 Maintaining the billing system. Generating invoices and account statements of 3 different brands with 1500+ Wholesale Customers. Performing account reconciliations. Maintaining accounts receivable les and records. Producing monthly nancial and management reports. Investigating and resolving any irregularities or enquiries. Assisting in general nancial management and analysis. Warehouse & Logistics Accounts Manager - Western International Group LLC,Dubai,UAE Geepas FZCO. 30/08/19 19/08/18 Managing the Warehouse Accounts and Preparing Invoices. Overseeing aspects like receiving, distribution, warehousing, and maintenance operations. Preperation and Management of Accounts and Invoices of Six different Brands for 1500+ Wholesale Customers. Preparing annual budgets and managing budgets. Ensuring compliance with all warehousing, handling, and shipping legislation requirements. Supervising daily warehouse activities, including quality assurance. Education BCOM KANNUR UNIVERSITY 05/04/18 05/06/15 Overall Percentage- 70% Without any Supplementry Exams Computerised Financial Accounting- College Of Commerce 05/04/18 05/04/16 Certied with Total of Six Years Work Experiance in Various Accounting Softwares like SAP, TALLY, Peachtree, Microsoft Excel, Oracle, ODO, Sage etc Certications 20/11/22 Accountant Experiance Certicate(3 Years) 10/05/18 Computerised Financial Accountant