rajkaneriya0408@gmail.com 9016063607 Ahmedabad,gujarat linkdin github Raj Kaneriya EDUCATION Charotar University of Science and Technology, Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Technology Jun 2020  Jun 2024 | Changa, India SKILLS Programming language: C++,Python,Dart Mobile Development: Flutter, Kotlin Database: MongoDB,MySQL Backend Development: Django,Nodejs,Flask PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Motorola Solutions, Software Engineer Sep 2023  May 2024 | Bangalore, India Collaborated with multiple teams such as the product managers and developers to clarify requirements, draft design proposals, and implement the best option and as a result reduced the workload by 10%. Identified and rectified 10+ high-priority bugs that were impacting application stability and user experience. Applied my expertise in Flutter to rewrite portions of the PTT application codebase, resulting in performance enhancements of 20%. Raven Technolabs, Android Developer Intern May 2022  Jul 2022 | Ahmedabad, India Collaborated with development teams to implement code maintainability best practices, leading to a 20% decrease in bug recurrence rate in subsequent releases. Independently developed and integrated a machine learning-powered recommendation system for a simulated e-commerce application. personalized product suggestions that increased click-through rates by 8%. PROJECTS TileMart, E-Commerce Application (Flutter & Django) May 2022  Jun 2022 Build a full-fledged e-commerce mobile application (Tilemart) using Flutter for the front end and Django for the back end, enabling users to purchase tiles online. Implemented a user-friendly interface for browsing a vast tile catalog (e.g., 5,000+ tiles) with intuitive search filters by color, material, size, and other relevant attributes. It increased the average order value by 25% through the machine learning preview feature. Reddit Clone, Academic project (Flutter & Firebase) Jan 2023  Mar 2023 Developed a social news application (Reddit Clone) using Flutter for a seamless mobile experience and Firebase for scalable backend functionalities and performance inclined by 15%. Built a user-friendly interface inspired by Reddit, allowing users to browse through various communities (subreddits), explore trending topics, and personalize their feeds based on their interests. PTT (push to talk), Motorola Solutions (Java,Flutter) Sep 2023  May 2024 Optimized user interaction by implementing clear call-to-action buttons and intuitive design elements, resulting in a 20% decrease Led the migration of the PTT application from its original platform to Flutter, a modern mobile framework, resulting in a 20% reduction in reported bugs.