DHARMASOTH AMARSINGH Hyderabad, India Email: amarsingh.dharmasoth@gmail.com Mobile No: +91-9493438347,7386078387 CURRICULUM VITAE Objective To enhance my professional skills, capabilities and knowledge in an organization which recognizes the value of hard work and trusts me with responsibilities and challenges. Employment Current Company: -Telangana state food processing society(TSFPS), HACA Bhavan, Saifabad, Hyderabad, Designation: - District Resource Person (DRP), (mechal distict) PMFME Scheme. Working Under TSFPS with Collaboration of DRDA,Industrial department (DIC),MEPMA, GHMC, & Aleap. Duration: Agust-2021 to May-2022 & January 2023 to till date (1.7 year) Roles:  Maintaining a record of all the compliance related documents, product and scheme related detailed reports and preparation of DPRs for the proposed business.  Providing hand-holding, Technical, marketing support to the micro food processing enterprises,  Conducting training programs for FPOs / SHGs / Co-operative Societies or Micro Processing Units at Cluster Level  Conducting Capacity building programme & Entrepreneur development programe (EDP) at Cluster level/ GP level/mandal level,  Support for transition of existing enterprises into formal framework for registration under regulatory framework and compliance (Food licenses, Trade license, Udyam License).  Finding new opportunities (new markets, new clients etc.) Conduct market research (analyse competitors, efficiency of sales strategies, etc.)  Dealing, Planning and Design promotional material / equipment supply vender, marketing objectives with cost effectiveness.  Coordinating with NABARD, MEPMA, DRDA-SERP, Bank Controllers, and ground level teams.  Actively approach targeted business clients, Search for new client leads and Manage relationships with existing customers.  Integration with organized supply chain by strengthening branding & marketing.  Participating in different exhibition conducted state and central government, and  Training attended at incubation center, Training center-NIMSME, NIRD, ALEAP, Company: - Swiggy instamart (frutis and vegetable ), Kompally,Hyderabad. Designation: - QHSE Coordinator Duration: January 2022- January 2023 (1year) Roles:-  Performing RCA on any IGCC complaints,Monitoring consumer complaint trends  Conducting periodic audit to ensure adherence of statutory and food safety controls in supplier.  Working with vendor to develop preventive actions on process gaps, customer compliants for continual improvement  QC - Inspections Review the quality during the inbound of F&V at POD/DC.Inspect the process of fruits and vegetable sorting, cleaning and packing at vendor place or packing house.  Maintaining inspection certificate showing grade and condition of the inspected commodities before dispatch to PODs/ Dark Store.  Assuring the quality and grade of the product before dispatch to PODs/ Dark Store.  Travel to specific assigned on boarded Vendors to conduct inspection as suggested by SCM/QHSE Manager/Line Manager for all products for all indent raised  Verifying the labelling and packaging compliance of each and every fruits and vegetables  Basic checks on Legal Metrology, FSSAI norms required for this category,Monitoring and verify FIFO/ LIFO process in Distribution or refilling centre. Company: - Gandour India Food Processing Private limited, Charlapally, Hyderabad, India Designation: - Product Executive Duration: October 2020  October 2021(1 year) Roles:  Monitoring the production planning and process improvement, maintaining production records and perform flow analysis, Convert raw materials into final packaged products  Periodically conducting various internal audits with the quality to ensure product quality  Effective monitoring of machine availability and tie up with maintenance during breakdown  Coordination with packing officers to get maximum efficiency in a shift, Production input Vs packing output analysis  Manage the food safety program within the pilot plan.  Attended food safety supervisor conducted by fostac (2021) Company: - Nutraloid Nutraceuticals Private limited, Balanagar, Hyderabad, India. Designation: Quality Executive (R&D) & Operation incharge. Duration: (October 2018  September 2020) (1yr.11Months). Roles:  Formulation development of nutrition products  High protein, diabetes care, Nutaloid slim with  Different flavors, feasibility trials, stability study and delivery to external stakeholders.  Record keeping /preparing of report by gathering, analyzing and summarizing the relevant  information and communicating the same with the manager on monthly or quarterly basis.  Conduct stability studies for products and prepare the nutritional data during respective test  stations by working closely with internal and external laboratories in order to deliver commercial  recommendations.  Conducting, coordinating, documenting and interpreting data and technical outcomes of the product  or concept robustness in preparation for larger-scale experiments, usage and functions of raw  materials used in the category.  Maintaining strong understanding of the products, their composition, our competition and the  Compliance requirement in every process taking place.  Finding new opportunities (new markets, new clients etc.) Conduct market research (analyse  competitors, efficiency of sales strategies, etc.)  Planning and Design promotional material / tools to support the sales / marketing objectives with  cost effectiveness.  Actively approach targeted business clients, Search for new client leads and Manage relationships  with existing customers.  Network and develop relationship with ingredient buyers - R&D and Marketing team of  Nutraceutical / Consumer Health / Pharmaceutical companies/Food & Beverage Industry Company: Ongole Dairy (Mother dairy), Ongole, Andhra Pradesh, india Designation: Production assistant Duration: April 2017 - September 2018 (1.4year) Roles:  Monitoring production operation encompasses coordinating production staff and equipment used for the manufacturing processes.  Maintain the food inventory, equipment and facilities in a clean, organized, and safe manner.  Identifying source of quality issues and finding route cause and its solution  Ensuring that strict hygiene food safety standards are met Education 2021  2023 Post Graduate Diploma in Rural Development (PGDRD), University: Indira Gandhi National Open University, (IGNOU), Hyderabad. Main subjects: Rural Society, Rural development -Indian context, Rural social development, Panchayati Raj, Cooperatives in Rural Development ,Rural Credit and Banking, Natural Resources Management and Environment,Rural Health Care,Rural Basic Services and Infrastructure Culture, planning, formulation, Monitoring and evaluation of rural development projects and programme. Human resource management 2020  2021 PG Diploma in Tribal Development Management (PGDTM), University: National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj (NIRDPR), Hyderabad. Main subjects: Tribal Society, Culture, Polity and Economy,Tribal development administration and management, Scheduled Tribes, Tribal development methods and Techniques, Tribal project management, PESA Act 1996, Tribal quest for rights and entitlements, Human resource management 2014- 2016 Master of Food Processing and Technology University: School of Food Technology, JNTU Kakinada, Main subjects: Food chemistry, Food microbiology, Fundamentals of food production, Food analysis techniques, Food processing engineering, Plant food technology, Food biotechnology, Industrial fermentation, food safety standard regulation. In Plant training and Internship: Tata coffee Limited (ICD) , Toopran, Medchal 2010 - 2014 B.Tech - Food science and Technology University: Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University, Main subjects: Fundamentals of Food processing, Food Thermodynamics, Post Harvest Engineering, Food Storage Engineering, Instrumental Techniques in Food Analysis, Industrial Microbiology, Food Chemistry of Macronutrients and micronutrients, Processing Technology of Dairy Products, fruit, vegetables, meat and poultry In-Plant training and Internship: Ongole dairy (Mother dairy ), Onglore. (Production -Dairy and dairy products) 2020  2021 PG Diploma in Tribal Development Management (PGDTM) University: National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj (NIRDPR), Hyderabad. Main subjects: Tribal Society, Culture, Polity and Economy,Tribal development administration and management, Scheduled Tribes, Tribal development methods and Techniques, Tribal project management, PESA Act 1996, Tribal quest for rights and entitlements, Human resource management Other projects Designation: Production Trainee Duration: August 2014 - June 2015 Company: Tata coffee limited (Instant coffee division) , Project: - To improve evaporation efficiency (or) evaporation performance in soluble coffee powder Role:- Worked on developing evaporation efficiency with different parameters which are affecting the Efficiency rate Certifications  Food safety supervisor conducted by FSSAI (fostac) (2021)  Training programme on Multi sectoral development of minorities conducted NIRD-PR, Hyderabad. 2021  Organic farming and soil health conducted NIRD-PR, Hyderabad. 2021  Project management at NIRD-PR, Hyderabad, (2022).  Entrepreneur development programme (EDP) for Food micro & small Enterprises  TSFPS, MOFPI&FICSI. Training and Achievements  Training on Basic manufacturing & Covid TOT -FOSTAC & FSSAI  Worked on research project titled Development of chocolates incorporated with Probiotics (Lactobacillus acidophilus ) during BTech  Volunteer in National Service Scheme (NSS) during BTech Other online training program  Organic farming and soil health at NIRD-PR, Hyd.  Online Training on Multi Sectoral Development of Minorities at NIRD-PR,Hyd.  Online Training Programme on "MGNREGS Planning for Climate Adaptation (Assets Creation for Climate Adaptation Soil, Water, and Trees) in Convergence with Other Departments" at NIRD-PR,Hyd.  Food Entrepreneurship Development programme (Food-EDP), at TSFPS,Hyd References to be provided on request Declaration I hereby declare that the above-mentioned data are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. Place: Hyderabad Date: