T Kumar Varma  Tkumarvarma | (cid:239) kumar varma | # kumarvarma t@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9177670643 Summary Undergrad with a background in Computer Science, and proficiency in both Front-end and Back-end development. Incredibly committed and driven student with problem-solving and critical thinking men- tality. Developer with a strong sense of curiosity and aptitude who loves creating and coding apps. Good level of interpersonal intelligence along with excellent communication skills makes me an ideal candidate. Work Experience Intern Jan 2023 - Aug 2023 Participated in APSSDC Web Development Internship using Django (python).Created a web application, designed front-end and interacted with databases efficiently.  Strong grip over the basic idea of models, views, and templates.  For project, built a Hospital Management System executing project structuring and database design.  Integrated MySQL relational database alongside Djangos Object-relational mapper. Undergraduate Research Project (UROP) Aug 2023 - Dec 2023 Comparative Analysis of Algorithmic Adoption in Machine Learning and Human Learning Projects SRM Gym Management System  Developed a software that oversees day-to-day operations of a gym.  Implemented functions like class scheduling, membership administration, exercise equipment tracking.  C++ program with a methodical and effective approach to manage several facets of gym operations. Gold Mine Game Design  Led a project aiming to maximise the efficiency of gold collecting using Q-learning techniques.  Created an intelligent ML agent that can dynamically alter its strategies. Blood Bank Management Application  Developed a Blood Bank Management connecting SQL to front-end website using php.  Designed a dynamic website using HTML and CSS adding interactions and functionalities.  Launched the application on an Apache XAMPP server. Education 2021 - Present Bachelors Degree at SRM University 2019 - 2021 2019 Class 12th TSBIE Class 10th CBSE (GPA: 7.71/10.0) (886/1000) (360/500) Skills Programming Languages C++, Python, Java Scripting Lnaguages Databases Frameworks HTML, CSS, php, JavaScript MySQL, PL/SQL, MongoDB Django, Node, React