Gandem VijayKumar  Github | (cid:239) Linkedin | # Gmail | H +918328643299 Summary Highly motivated Computer Science undergraduate with a passion for developing innovative solutions. Skilled in algorithm development, researching new technologies to improve team skillsets.I am good at adapting quickly, learn new concepts, and collaborate effectively in team environments. Eager to apply academic knowledge and contribute to tech industry. Seeking entry-level opportunities to learn and grow. Education 2021 - present Bachelors Degree at Sri Ramaswamy Memorial University 2019 - 2021 2019 Class 12th The Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh Class 10th Board of Secondary Education Of Andhra Pradesh (GPA: 7.97/10.0) (94.2%) (GPA: 10.0/10.0) Work Experience Front-end Developer 05/06/2023 - 05/08/2023  Collaborated closely with seasoned developers and designers to create modern and intuitive user inter- faces for web applications..  Utilized HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React to develop and enhance web applications.  Gained experience in responsive design and cross-browser compatibility.  Contributed to end-to-end solutioning, including deployment and monitoring of web applications. Data Analysis Using Python  Gained hands-on experience in data analysis using Python.  Worked on projects involving data collection, preprocessing, visualization, and analysis.  Developed proficiency in Python programming and utilized libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, and 8-weeks Matplotlib for data manipulation and visualization.  Applied statistical techniques and machine learning methods to analyze and interpret data. Projects Housing data Analysis on metropolitan cities Link to Demo  Analyzed housing data for metropolitan cities using Python, focusing on trends and market dynamics.  Conducted data cleaning and visualization to identify key factors influencing housing prices. Multi-threaded Proxy Server and Client  Developed a multi-threaded proxy server and client.  The server accepts any URL from the client, fetches output, and returns it to the client.  The client receives the URLs HTML source code.  Gained an introduction to networking libraries in C++ and socket programming. Skills Programming Languages - C, C++, Python, SQL, JavaScript, Java, HTML, CSS, Node.js, React.js, Tools and Technologies - Areas of Expertise - Soft Skills - Express. Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Excel, Linux, Git. Data Structures and Applications, Machine Learning, Software development life cycle(SDLC). Problem Solving, Collaboration, Communication, Adaptability, Attention to Detail.