Aryan Singh (cid:131) 7065700601  # aryansingh25nov@gmail.com  (cid:239) /aryan2511   Aryan251 (Aryan Singh) Summary  Final-year BTech IT student with hands-on experience in web technologies, machine learning, and game development. Skilled in Java, Python, JavaScript, and SQL, with a strong background in core development from an internship at Coding Ninjas. Proficient in building and optimizing web and 3-D applications using React-three, Next.js, and Tailwind CSS. Passionate about solving DSA problems on LeetCode and active participant in hackathons. Adept at learning new technologies and applying them to real-world projects, with a keen interest in cloud computing and AI.. Skills Frontend HTML , CSS , Tailwind CSS , React Database manage MySQL Cloud GCP, AWS Language Python ,Core Java Web Technology SpringBoot , Servlet,JSP Developer Tools Github, IntelliJ Idea, Eclipse, VS Code Experience Coding Ninjas Developer Work December 2023  Mar 2024  Contributed to core development projects, implementing and optimizing features, debugging, and enhancing the performance of applications.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions and ensure code efficiency.  Worked on critical development tasks, including feature implementation, performance optimization, and bug fixing. Collaborated with team members to enhance application functionality and code quality, contributing to successful project deliveries and maintaining high standards of software development. Interns pedia Location-Based Technology Intern Feb 2022  August 2022  Assisted in developing and optimizing location-based services and applications. Worked on integrating geolocation features, enhancing user experience through accurate location tracking, and analyzing location data to improve functionality and performance of location-based solutions. Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Technology Ram-Eesh International School XII - Senior Secondary Achievements  AWS - Amazon Cloud Foundaton  GFG - Participated in Hackathon  Leetcode - Solved over 100+ questions on Data Structure Projects 3-D Simulator (Link) Greater Noida 2021-2025 2021  Developed a 3-D simulator featuring a vehicle with physics-based movement and interactions. Utilized React-three for 3D rendering, Next.js for application framework, and Tailwind CSS for responsive design.  Tech Stack - React , Next-JS, javascript PlantPedia (Link)  AI-powered plant classification system that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) to identify plant species from images, providing a user-friendly tool for plant identification.  Tech Stack - Java , TensorFlow , Python , Flask , HTML , CSS