Vikas Ugale Pune, MH-411048(IN) vikasugale2014@outlook.com 9563420909 Professional Summary Skills SSIS Jira/ HPALM Unix Testing Manual Testing Database Testing BI Testing ETL Testing API Testing Automation Testing Performance Testing Technical expertise Manual testing, Database testing, ETL and BI testing, using SSIS, Automation testing selenium-python, API testing, Unix testing for more than 3 years and knowledge in Performance Testing (JMeter). A competent professional over 3 years of experience in Client Interaction, Software Testing, Quality Assurance, Team Management and Project Execution of Web Based Applications. Adroit in writing/ reviewing test plans, test cases and test summary with expertise in performing Functional, System and Regression Testing, SDLC and STLC (Manual Testing) entailing Functional, Integration, Smoke, Sanity, Regression. Well versed with knowledge in tools like Jira and HP ALM. Gained experience in planning/designing & coordinating the implementation / Availability of software testing activities and ensuring compatibility of providing test status and progress reports as per Test Lead /Test Manager. Possess strong analytical, problem solving and leadership skills. Design, build and execute automated tests to validate applications using Selenium. Implement the strategy via developing, coding and executing test case and test script frameworks using automated tools such Selenium. Working knowledge on Python with Selenium and pytest Tools. Involved in providing test data support to UAT team and other interfacing modules. Involved in live testing calls with clients related to Integration projects and modules. Used HP ALM Tool to log defect. Involved in Test Report. Worked on Repository management tool like GitLab and Continuous Integration tool like Jenkins. Analyzing functional requirements and identifying High level scenarios. Responsible for Integration & System Testing, End to End Testing and System Compatibility Testing Extensive experience in ETL/ Data warehouse backend testing. Solid Back End Testing experience by writing and executing SQL Queries. Validating the data les from source to make sure correct data has been captured to be loaded to target tables. Extensive experience in using UNIX commands in le to database validation. Written Test Cases for ETL to compare Source and Target database systems. Validating the load process of ETL to make sure the target tables are populated according the data mapping provided that satises the transformation rules. Experience in Metadata and Star schema. Analyzed Source Systems, Staging area, Fact and Dimension tables in Target D/W. Experience in Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verication and identifying data mismatch. Experience in working on SCD1 AND SCD2 dimension. Strong Knowledge on OLTP and OLAP. Extensive experience in ETL process consisting of data transformation, sourcing, mapping, conversion and loading. Validating the data les from source to make sure correct data has been captured to be loaded to target tables. Check for any rejected records. Preparing Daily Testing Status Report, Test Closure Report and sending it to all stake holders. Field size validation, checking constraints. . Employment History Software Test Engineer, KPIT. Pune, Maharashtra FEB-2020 Present 1. Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specications of the application. 2. Hands on Experience in Automation Testing using Selenium with Python Language and py-test. 3. Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios and Test Cases. 4. Executed Queries and compare with Dashboard. 5. Involved in team meetings in regular intervals of time to monitor the Quality of application in daily, weekly status report meeting with the respective client and update the involved percentage of Completion of task day to day. 6. Run the SQL Queries and validate the data. 7. Field size validation, checking constraints. 8. Analyze SRS, and User Interface Specications documents. 9. Prepare and Execute Test cases from Use case to meet Business Logic 10. Performed Database Testing at Application level and analyze Table structure. 11. Done the review and sent review comments to others. 12. Reporting and Closure of Defects submitted in Defect Tracking tool. 13. Interaction with development team in defect xing process. 14. Preparation of Test Requirement Mapping and generate Test reports. 15. Participation in project Scrum Meeting. Education Trinity College of Engineering and Research, Pune, Maharashtra BE, July 2019 Projects Project No: 1 Title: Vodacom CRM  Billing, Mediation & Billing-Vodacom Client: Vodacom Group, South Africa Description: Limited (operating Vodacom Group African mobile communications company, providing voice, messaging, data and converged services to over 55 million customers. From its roots in South Africa, Vodacom has grown its operations to include networks in Tanzania, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, and Lesotho, and provides business countries, including Nigeria, Zambia, Angola, Kenya, Ghana, Cte d'Ivoire, and Cameroon. as Vodacom) services to customers a South African over 32 in is Responsibilities:  Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the application.  Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios and Test Cases.  ETL testing, validating data from source and destination.  Writing SQL queries, Data validation testing.  Participation in Reject analysis with Developers team.  Testing the mappings which are based on SCD-1 and SCD-2.  Executing testing activities and working within deadlines.  Analyze User stories, and User Interface Specifications documents.  Prepare and Execution of Test cases from Use case to meet Business Logic.  Done the review and send review comments to others.  Reporting and Closure of Defects submitted in Defect Tracking tool.  Interaction with Onshore team in defect fixing process.  Review of SRS, and User Interface Specifications documents.  Prepare and Execution of Test cases from Use case to meet Business Logic.  Preparation of Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test Traceability matrix and Test reports.  Performed Database Testing at Application level and analyze data types and length from LLD  Done the review and send review comments to others.  Reporting and Closure of Defects submitted in Defect Tracking tool  Interaction with development team in defect fixing process. Project No: 2 Title: Nue MD. Client:Nue MD USA Description: Nue MD offers a suite of cloud-based software and medical billing services for practices of all sizes. Nue MD is an integrated practice management, medical billing, electronic health recording and appointment scheduling solution. Medical billing users can process an unlimited number of claims through Nue MD's HIPAA-compliant claims clearinghouse. Responsibilities:  Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the application.  Performing End-to-End testing manually and was associated with User Acceptance Testing and Regression testing.  Actively involved in Ad-Hoc, Functionality and integration testing. Involved in automating the Back End process to reduce the manual effort.  Responsible for interacting with Team members and client, in daily SCRUM meeting.   Writing SQL queries, Data validation testing.  Participation in Reject analysis with Developers team.  Executing testing activities and working within deadlines.  Analyze User stories, and User Interface Specifications documents  Prepare and Execution of Test cases from Use case to meet Business Logic  Done the review and send review comments to others.  Reporting and Closure of Defects submitted in Defect Tracking tool   Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios and Test Cases.  Interaction with Onshore team in defect fixing process Involved in team meetings in regular intervals of time to monitor the Quality of application in daily, weekly status report meeting. Personal Information Marital status: Single Address: Jal Mehta Foundation, Pune DOB: 23/07/1995 Cell: 9563420909 Email: vikasugale2014@outlook.com (Vikas Ugale)