KUSHAL MARU +91-9619130970  Mumbai kushalmaru28@gmail.com  Linkedin  GitHub  LeetCode EDUCATION Shah and Anchor Kuttchi Engineering College, University of Mumbai, India Bachelor of Engineering,Computer Engineering; CGPA: 8.38/10 Aug2020 - June2024 SKILLS Programming: Databases : Web Development: Soft Skills C, Java, Python MySQL HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React Js, Node Js, OOP, Git Creativity, Leadership, Dedication, Adaptability EXPERIENCE  3 Months Internship at Venus Vacations, Mumbai Participated in conception, design, development, implementation and deployment of web-based user interface systems.  1 Month Internship at Oasis Infobyte Completed various tasks involving the development of small projects using Javascrpit and React js technologies. PROJECTS Alumni Portal A Dynamic and innovative Web Developer with a successful track record of designing and implementing an engaging alumni portal website. Leveraged a versatile tech stack, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, and Apache server, to create a user-friendly and interactive platform for former students. Electricity Billing System It is a software-based application developed in Java programming language. The main objective is to manage the details of Electricity Bill, Connections, Store Record of Customers. The project aims at serving the department of electricity by computerizing the billing system. It mainly focuses on the calculation of Units consumed during the specified time and the money to be paid to electricity offices. Car Rental System using OOP Implemented a comprehensive car rental system using object-oriented programming (OOP) principles in Java. De- signing a Car Rental System using OOP principles. Implementing classes, methods, and encapsulation for organized code. Crafting a user-friendly console interface for renting and returning cars. Efficiently managing customers, cars, and rentals in the system. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Dance has been an integral part of my personal and social development. I have cultivated a diverse range of skills and experiences that contribute to my overall growth and well-being. Showcasing my Dance skills on social media. (YouTube, Instagram)  Being an fitness enthusiast, I am engaged in Gymnastics as an extracurricular activity, developing agility, balance, and strength.  Proficient in Video Editing as a creative pursuit, utilizing software tools to craft engaging visual content.