Kalyan Ram Pothuraju  Kalyanram | (cid:239) Kalyanram | # kalyanrampothuraju@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9908389426 Career Objective I am a fresher in the corporate culture, but ready to accept the challenges, utilizing my technical skills, would like to work with highly esteemed company which gives me a platform to use my expertise and skills by mutual growth and benefit of company and myself. Education SRM University AP,amaravati B.Tech CSE Narayana Junior College,guntur Intermediate MPC Sri Krishna Chaitanya High School,narasaraopet Class X SSC Work Experience CGPA : 7.67/10 Nov. 2021  May 2025 CGPA : 9.87/10 Jun. 2018  Mar 2020 CGPA : 9.8/10 Jun. 2017  May 2018 Andhra Pradesh State Skill Development Corporation Data analyst Intern June-Aug 2023 Remote  Developed a House price prediction model on metropolitan cites in India using python modules,showcasing adept skills in data analysis,data visualisation,data cleaning on datasets and helps to understand the data. Projects Employee Management Application | Java, SQL  developed this application using the Java Swing framework.  we have created a login page for the admin where the user can edit update, insert, and delete the Apr 2023 records.  We stored the the record in SQL by establishing with database by JDBC. Fake image generation using Generative Adversarial Networks | GAN,CNN  The aim of the project is to generate a fake image from real image using two adversarial neural network (generator and discriminator) generator make fake images discriminator classifies either fake or real. Dec 2023  .The generator improves on the feedback of the discriminator use the classification algorithm and machine learning algorithm to generate the image.  Dataset: Tensorflow mnist fashion Dataset House price prediction | Python,ML, Excel,JupiterNotebook  developed a machine learning algorithm to predict the price from the previous data .  we have used data cleaning, data processing, virtualization, and machine learning algorithm June 2023 Technical Skills Languages: Java, Python, C/C++, SQL , JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: React, Node.js Developer Tools: Git, VS Code, Visual Studio, PyCharm, Eclipse Libraries: pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib