Shambhavi Anand Master of Computer Applications (MCA) ' 2025 To obtain a challenging and responsible position in a dynamic company, utilizing my professional qualications for the progress and the success of the organization. shambhavianand21@gmail.com +916202668511 Ghaziabad, India linkedin.com/in/shambhavi-anand-520391187 github.com/shambhavi-anand01 EDUCATION SKILLS JavaScript React.js Python MongoDB HTML5 CSS3 DSA with Python Bootstrap Java SQL Git Github Linux CERTIFICATES Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Coursera Basics of Python Infosys Springboard Basics of MongoDB ICT Academy Learnathon LANGUAGES English Full Professional Prociency Hindi Full Professional Prociency INTERESTS Web Development Master of Computer Applications Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology 10/2023 - Present, Bachelor of Arts Indira Gandhi National Open University 06/2018 - 08/2021, PERSONAL PROJECTS CompareIt - Web App (08/2024 - Present) This project is related to healthcare in which there will be a comparison of medicines price of dierent companies with the same salt. This will also involve a chatbot who will be an advisor to the basic problems we face related to health. This will involve technologies like React.js, Node.js, and MongoDB, and RestAPI. Portfolio Website This project involves my portfolio website which is made with the help of React.js, Javascript, HTML, and CSS. This includes graphics, animation, and React.js which makes this website seamless and smooth to scroll with wonderful experience. Web-Scrapper This project involves extracting product data from various competitor online stores through web scraping. The gathered data will be utilized strategically, enabling our new business to oer competitive prices and stand out in the market. UsabilityHub - Clone App Usability Hub is a remote user research platform that take the guesswork out of design decission by validating them with real user. This involves HTML and CSS. Responsive Login Page This involves responsive login page which includes technologies like HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Guess My Number-Game This game involves guessing a number which is chosen randomly. After entering the number, it will show whether it is correct, lower, or higher than the number. This involves technologies like HTML, CSS, and Javascript. Pig Game-Game This game involves 2 players who will roll the dice, if dice shows 1 then it will switch the player, otherwise it will add it and show it on screen. This involves technologies like HTML, CSS, and Javascript. WORK EXPERIENCE Content Writer ProWebHill Pvt. Ltd. 12/2021 - 03/2022, Kolkata, West Bengal