A B H I S H E K P A U L H U M A N R E S O U R C E E X E C U T I V E C O N T A C T A B O U T M E +91 7896566951 abhishekpaulton@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek- paul-4910791a7/ Bangalore Hello, I'm Abhishek Paul, Experienced in Software Development Industry with a strong understanding of the use of programming languages, tools, and trends. Successfully recruited and hired top- performing software developers throughout my career, contributing to high-impact projects and company growth. Armed with 3.6 years of experience with a go-getter attitude along with proven skills in recruiting, relationship building, network building, leadership, taking ownership, accountability, and getting the task from planning to completion. E X P E R T I S E W O R K E X P E R I E N C E Strategic HR Management HR Compliance Talent Acquisition Employee Relations HR Policy Development Performance Management HRIS Management Training and Development Diversity and Inclusion Client and Stakeholder Management P O R T A L S U S E D LinkedIn Recruiter Naukri Employer Timesjobs.com Shine.com Glassdoor Indeed.com Testgorilla A T S U S E D Zoho Recruit Job Vite H R M S U S E D Zoho People E D U C A T I O N IMERCURY SOFTWARE SOLUTION Jan 2024 - July 2024 HR Executive Spearheaded the recruitment efforts for technical roles, identifying, interviewing, and hiring top software development talent across various disciplines. Oversee whole onboarding process, employee relations, performance management, offboarding, ensuring smooth and efficient HR operations. Designed and implemented HR policies and procedures to ensure compliance with labor laws and align with company goals. Reviewed and analyzed the business unit data (Attrition, Early Warning Signals, Retention, Engagement levels) to identify trends and recommend solutions to improve employee retention and experience. Developed and executed HR strategies aligned with business goals, driving organizational performance and employee engagement. Designed and implemented compliances and policies, ensuring adherence to labor laws and organizational standards. Proven expertise in stakeholder management, collaborating seamlessly with internal teams, external clients, and vendors for successful project delivery and organizational success. Built and maintained strong relationships with clients and stakeholders, ensuring alignment on HR initiatives and business objectives. Contributed to the efficiency of payroll operations and collaborated with the finance team to streamline and optimize payroll processes, ensuring accuracy and compliance. Master of Business Administration - HR ZEKSTA TECHNOLOGY PVT. LTD. May 2022 - Dec 2023 Manipal University Jaipur Passed out 2022 HR Executive Bachelor of Arts Assam University Passed out 2016 Executed end-to-end recruitment processes, demonstrating versatility by successfully hiring candidates for both IT and non-IT roles. Proficient in navigating the diverse requirements of different departments to build high-performing teams. O T H E R S K I L L S Talent Sourcing and Recruitment Technical Screening and Assessment Strategic Workforce Planning Employer Branding Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) Interviewing and Evaluation Candidate Relationship Management Data-Driven Recruitment Strategies Onboarding and Orientation Employee Engagement Compliance and Regulatory Knowledge Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives HRIS and HR Software Proficiency Performance Management Market and Competitive Analysis Building a positive work environment by addressing employee concerns, resolving conflicts, and promoting open communication. Proven ability to support and enhance the organization's human resources by planning, implementing, and evaluating employee relations and HR policies, programs, and practices. Oversaw HR operations, including payroll processing, benefits administration, and employee records management. Facilitated performance management processes, providing coaching and development opportunities for employees. Provide regular feedback on employee performance, recognizing achievements and addressing areas for improvement. Enhance employer branding by crafting compelling job postings and promoting the companys value proposition to potential candidates and social media. Maintained accurate and up-to-date employee records, ensuring confidentiality and compliance with data protection regulations. Implemented flexible working arrangements and remote work options to support employees' work-life balance, resulting in higher job satisfaction. Help new employees integrate into the company culture and understand their roles. Collaborated with hiring managers to understand workforce planning and align recruitment efforts with organizational goals. Implement employee engagement programs to boost morale and productivity. T O O L S MS Excel Google Sheet WOWALADDIN DIGITAL MARKETING SERVICE Jan 2021 - Mar 2022 HR Executive Responsible for end-to-end talent acquisition operations and recruitment. Come up with a strategy and plan to address the hiring need based on criteria benefiting our business goals. Shortlisting candidates from portals (Naukri, Monster, Times jobs, Indeed, LinkedIn).Handling the onboarding process including documentation, Mail creation, and asset handover coordination. Developed and maintained strong relationships with hiring managers, ensuring a collaborative and efficient recruitment process. Addressing day-to-day HR-related employee issues and solving them by collaborating with relevant stakeholders. Help new employees integrate into the company culture and understand their roles. Contributed to organizational growth by actively participating in strategic planning and development initiatives. Conducted surveys to gather feedback and implemented improvements based on results. Provided guidance and support to employees on HR policies, building a culture of open communication and transparency. Conduct formal performance reviews to set goals and discuss career development.