SUHANI NAPIT +91 9307334088  Pune, India suhaninapit@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/suhaninapit/  github.com/SuhaniNapit SUMMARY Detail-orientated, adept at making critical decisions, managing deadlines, and conducting team reviews. With exper- tise in analysis and quantitative critical thinking skills, dedicated to company growth and improvements. Enthusiastic about industry and eager to apply academic knowledge and transferable skills. Hands-on experience in developing applications and software solutions using languages. Proficient in relevant tools and staying up to date with the latest industry trends. Driven by a passion for creating user friendly, efficient, and scalable technology products that solve real-world problems. EDUCATION BTech in Computer Science and Engineering, Manipal University Jaipur CGPA-7.82 Secondary School, Fergusson College 91.3% High School, St. Felix High School 91.8% SKILLS 2021-2025 2019 - 2021 2007 - 2019 Technical Skills Developer tools and Technologies/Frameworks: Soft Skills C/C++, Python, Java, HTML and CSS, JavaScript, SQL VScode, Linux, Cloud computing, GitHub Good communication skills, Leadership EXPERIENCE Trainee Launchpad Analytics Insights Program at PwC India 24 Feb 2024-June2024  Part of the training program at the PwC India Insights Program.  Used and learned about various subjects like data analytics, data engineering, databases, and python. PROJECTS Password Generator System  Developed a system for generating passwords.  Based on the basic concepts of oops. Web Scraping Project  Built for comparing websites.  Implemented python libraries and scraping tools like BeautifulSoup. Amazon Clone Webpage  Developed an Amazon Clone webpage.  Used HTML and CSS for the layout and design. News Search Web-app  Built a responsive news search webapp for daily news.  Used HTML and CSS for the layout and design and JavaScript API for fetching news. CERTIFICATIONS AND EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  CCNA Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation by cisco  CCNA Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials by cisco  Head of Social Media and Content at IEI Mechatronics Club