NUPUR MEHLAWAT B.Tech CSE l 2021-25 I Web Developer TECHNICAL STACK 8527855077 | LinkedIn | Github nupurmehlawat@gmail.com  Web Development: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MySQL, MongoDB, Postman API  Data Analytics: Excel, Python, Power BI  Languages: C, Python, JavaScript  Version Control: Git and GitHub  DevOps: Docker, Kubernetes (Beginner), AWS (Learning)  Relevent Coursework: Computer Networks, Database Management System, Operating System, Object-Oriented Programming WORK EXPERIENCE NIC (National Informatics Centre) | Web Development Intern Hybrid | August 2024- present  Working on revamping the IPS government website, enhancing its UI, optimizing functionality, and improving database architecture. ISRO (Indian Space & Research Organization) | Project & Research Intern On-site | June 2024- July 2024  Worked on a real-world project focused on detecting forest fires using IoT technology and developing a web interface to monitor and manage the system.  Established a wireless network using radio technology using LoRa and nRF24 modules to transmit data reliably from the heart of the forest where internet and cellular network does not reach to the edge.  Acheived best results regarding data transmission with enhanced security, extended range (upto 1km), and a 25% increase in data speed. Rooman Technologies | Software Developer Intern Remote | May 2023 - June 2023  Developed efficient code using best software development practices, ensuring optimal performance for company websites.  Managed website functionalities with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and ensuring smooth operation and increase user engagement by 7%. PROJECTS CollegeConnect | (Minor Project) | MERN Stack GitHub  Developed a student-centric web application integrating authentication from Firebase, a secure payment gateway using Razorpay API, optimized for seamless access to organised study materials.  Also includes the functionality to upload a book detail, and modify or remove it completely from the database.  Postman API has also been used to verify API endpoints.  The goal is to add more functionalities like a video streaming platform, chatbot and a live chat area. Application Design Studio (Dell Hackathon) | MERN Stack, Docker, Kubernetes  A web-based editor designed to model and visualize the data flow between applications in an enterprise ecosystem, enabling better understanding and management of complex application interactions.  Key features include user authentication, a user-friendly drag-and-drop canvas for modeling data flow making, metadata viewing, and the ability to create, read, update, and delete data flow models. Practice Web Development Projects  Developed a responsive Spotify and Amazon clone using HTML, CSS & Bootstrap. 1. Spotify GitHub View 2. Amazon GitHub View  Practiced 12 Mini JS projects with different logic and functionalities. GitHub  3 Intermediate frontend web dev projects (Weather App, Contact Form) GitHub EDUCATION Kendriya Vidyalaya Andrews Ganj 10th - 94%, 12th (PCM + CS) - 90% Manipal University Jaipur (MUJ)- Present Btech (Hons.) Computer Science (specialising in IoT & IS) POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITIES New Delhi | 2012 - 2021 Jaipur, Raj | 2021 - 2025 IAESTE LC MUJ- International Organization | Head, Design and Media Coverage On-Site | 2022 - 2023  Organised and managed 5+ events collaborating with 3 other clubs, hosting delegates from diverse countries.  Designed and curated promotional media content, instilling professionalism and persistence while managing a team of 10 members. LITMUS- Literature Society | Head, Creative Writing and Debating Department On-Site | 2021 - 2022  Hosted 4 interclub cultural events and 2 debating competitions, showcasing leadership and teamwork.  Oversaw article selection and review for semester-wise magazine publication, increasing the magazine viewership by 10%. ACHIEVEMENTS Blackbelt holder in Takewondo | Regional U-17 & U-19 Badminton player for 3 consecutive years | Awarded Deans Award of Academic Excellence in my 5th semester for getting gpa 9.35.