ARNAV MIRJI arnavmirji16@gmail.com | +91 8291856842 | LinkedIn EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur, Rajasthan, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Aug 2021-May 2025 PACE Jr. College, Mumbai, India Class 12 | 84.5% St. Francis School, Mumbai, India Class 10 | 87.6% SKILLS - C++ - Data Structures and Algorithms - Python, numpy, Pandas, MatplotLib - SQL - HTML, CSS, JavaScript Mar 2021 Mar 2019 EXPERIENCE Polygon Guild Jaipur  Social Media Manager - Managed the guild's social media accounts (LinkedIn, Twitter) to grow the guild's online community. - Hosted 8 cohorts which saw web 3.0 experts educating the community on Blockchain and other interesting web 3.0 con- May 2022 - Oct 2022 cepts. - Created engaging content to enlighten the guild on Polygon and its contribution to Blockchain. - Increased digital reach by 120%. PROJECTS Taxi Fare Analysis (ML Project) - Conducted an in-depth exploration of the Kaggle dataset, extracting valuable insights into taxi fare patterns, geographical Oct 2023 variations, peak hours, and other pertinent factors influencing pricing structures. - Used advanced data cleaning methods to remove defaulters and outliners from the dataset for the consistency of the - model. Implemented machine learning models, such as regression models, to predict taxi fares based on relevant features. Evalu- ated model performance and fine-tuned parameters to optimize predictive accuracy. - Tech Stack: Python, Kaggle, MatplotLib, Tensorflow, Pandas, Numpy Mock Spotify Webpage - - Developed a mock webpage of the music streaming website Spotify. Leveraged HTML for structure, CSS for styling, and JavaScript for dynamic functionality, showcasing proficiency in essen- tial web development technologies. Oct 2022 - Successfully developed and integrated playback control functionality, enabling users to navigate through the playlist effort- lessly. Implemented features for play, pause, skip to the next, and go back to the previous song. LEADERSHIP AND COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT College Fest (Onerios) Executive Committee - Led and collaborated with a team of 100+ students out of which only 20 were a part of the executive committee. - Developed and executed a comprehensive marketing strategy resulting in a 75% increase in online as well as offline en- Feb 2024 gagement/participation. - Cultivated strong relationships with sponsors (Redbull, TribeVibe), securing sponsorship worth 2L. - Assisted in logistic operations ensuring smooth flow of side events of the fest. Social Media Head (Atelier) - - Created posts/stories that experienced 10,000+ user engagements. - Produced online content for the Instagram account of a digital arts festival at my college. Increased follower base by 50% which helped in massive student engagement. Oct 2022