(cid:131) 828-740-2672 # omutsav612@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/omutsav Om Utsav Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelors of Technology Hons. in Computer Science and Engineering (Specialization in IoT ) Aug, 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Relevant Coursework: Python, Data Structures and Algorithms(C), Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development, AIML, IoT Architecture and Protocols, Networks Internships IQVIA Junior Data Analyst Intern  Skills: Data Analytics and Reporting  Technologies: Spotre, Power BI, Crystal Reports Celebal Technologies Summer Intern Jul, 2024  Present Remote May, 2024  Jul, 2024 Remote  Developed a robust web application using Express.js and MongoDB. The application utilizes a RESTful API for ecient data exchange and incorporates a robust authentication mechanism using JWT. Designed and implemented a comprehensive appointment scheduling system within the application. This system includes features like calendar integration and real-time availability checks to provide a seamless user experience.  Enhanced the applications performance and readability by refactoring existing code and transitioning from callbacks to Promises and Async/Await for asynchronous operations. Projects Language Translating Chatbot | AWS, Gen AI, Amazon Lex Aug, 2024 - Sep, 2024  Developed and deployed generative AI models using AWS services like Sagemaker for training, deployment, and real-time inference. Automated workows with AWS Lambda and APIs to scale model outputs. Demonstrated use cases like text generation and image synthesis, optimizing for cloud scalability and enterprise integration. Indian Sign Language Interpreter | Raspberry Pi, Deep Learning, TensorFlow, OpenCV Jan, 2024 - Jun, 2024  Developed an Indian Sign Language Interpreter using Raspberry Pi and Deep Learning models, to analyze hand signs and gestures and convert them to text in English. Invoice Management System | MySQL,Xampp, HTML, CSS, PHP Jan, 2023 - May, 2023  Developed an Invoice management system and used MySQLfor Database, Xampp for server and HTML, CSS and PHP for the web interface and server end programming. Research Publications Patent: System for Continuous Glucose Monitoring Manipal University Jaipur Oct 2023 - Dec 2023 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Proposed the integration of eSIM with Continuous Glucose Monitoring System.  Inventor for patent published under the applicant name, Manipal University Jaipur. Research Paper: Machine Learning in Cybersecurity: A Critical Review with Insights on IoT Manipal University Jaipur Sep 2023 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Describes the recent development and application of ML in Cybersecurity with insights on IoT and IoMT.  Published in Advances in Data-driven Computing and Intelligent Systems: Selected Papers from ADCIS 2022, Volume 2, BITS Pilani, Goa Campus Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, Python, Java Web Technologies:HTML, CSS, JavaScript, NodeJS, Express Technologies and Frameworks: Machine Learning, Internet of Things, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, MySQL, Data Structures, Relational Database Management System, Computer Networks, Spotre, Power BI, Crystal Reports Others:Research, Data Analytics, Reporting, Jira, Conuence