Bangalore  Ph. +91-9632123006  Email:therohit24@gmail.com | LinkedIn - www.linkedin.com/in/rohit-raman-72287294 Portfolio- https://www.datascienceportfol.io/ramanrohit24 Rohit Raman Masters In Analytics and Statistical Modeling Skills & Competencies  SQL  Python  MS Office (Outlook, Word, Excel & PowerPoint)  Machine Learning  Business Intelligence  Decision Making  Big Data  Data Storytelling  Data Mining  Data Warehousing  Azure cloud computing  Dashboarding  Quantitative Analysis  Data visualization (Tableau, Power BI)  R programming  Data Analysis  Database Management System   Data Modeling Problem Solving Education  Masters In Analytics, Major in Statistical Modeling, Northeastern University September 2022  June 2024  Bachelor of Engineering, Electronic and Control Engineering, MS Ramaiah Institute of Technology, India September 2011-June 2015 Projects  HIV Analysis (Healthcare data provided by UNICEF) using SQL for Latin America and Caribbean Region | Course: Database Management System Exploring Music Trends: A Spotify Analysis| Course: Business Intelligence  Application for Library Database Management System | Course: Database Management System  Analysis of Pokmon Dataset (Descriptive, inferential Statistics) | Course: Probability Theory and Statistics  Predictive modeling on Airline Customer Satisfaction (Machine Learning) | Course: Intermediate Analytics   Supervised and Unsupervised Learning model on Airline customer satisfaction |Course: Data Mining  Business Intelligence projects on global university datasets | Course: Communication and visualization for Data Analytics  Customer churn for credit card | Course: Python and Analytics system technologies   Unveiling Market Trends and Maximizing Profit of Amazon Business | Course: Business Intelligence Effective Healthcare data Modeling using star schema | Course: Data warehousing and SQL Certification  Google Data Analytics (August 2021) SQL Certified (offered By Data Camp)   R programming for Data Analysis (Offered by Data Camp)  Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (in progress)  Microsoft Database Engineer (in progress) Professional Experience Deo Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. (July 2021-March 2022) Operation and Business Analyst  Collaborated with stakeholders, including project managers, architects, engineers, and business leaders, to gather and document their requirements for projects and business processes.  Collected and analyzed data related to construction projects, such as cost estimates, project timelines, resource allocation, and project performance metrics, to identify trends and opportunities for improvement. Identified inefficiencies in construction processes and recommended process improvements to streamline operations,  reduce costs, and increase productivity.  Analyzed project budgets, actual costs, and financial performance to ensure that construction projects were on track and within budget. Provided recommendations for cost control measures.  Created reports, dashboards, and documentation to communicate key performance indicators (KPIs), project status, and other relevant information to stakeholders and management.  Assessed potential risks associated with construction projects, including environmental, safety, and regulatory risks, and proposed strategies for risk mitigation. Achievement- Stood the Top performer for the Year 2021 by driving process improvement and managed all the aspects of the sales force CRM workflow. Concentrix (June 2019- February 2021) Operation and Business Representative  Worked with YART (YouTube analytical and research tools) and GAT (Gmail Analytical Tools) during the experience.  Filtered and cleaned the data for APAC and LATAM regions using the embedded Analytics tools of Google.  Analyzed weekly flagged data and collaborated to generate valuable insights within the interactive dashboard for business operations.  Analyzed deprecated profiles in APAC, EMEA, and LATAM, providing a comprehensive view of user behaviors and trends through dashboarding  Used data visualization tools to create clear charts and dashboards for easy data interpretation. Achievement- Developed and maintained user analytics reports and dashboards to provide actionable insight that support data-driven making for the users and executive leadership teams and eventually generated a revenue of 100 thousand dollars. Bmc Electroplast Pvt Ltd (September 2016- May 2019) Associate Engineer  Designed, inspected, tested, and updated electronic systems, components, equipment, and software.  Liaised with engineers, other professionals, as well as clients to ensure quality projects were completed to specifications.  Developed effective maintenance, testing, and quality control procedures.  Conceptualized, designed, and engineered electronic systems, components, and equipment tailored for switchgear applications. Conducted rigorous inspections and implemented comprehensive testing protocols to ensure the quality and reliability of switchgear products. Collaborated closely with multidisciplinary teams of engineers, professionals, and clients to ensure seamless project execution and adherence to specifications. Ensured full compliance with regulatory standards and safety protocols throughout the design, manufacturing, and installation processes of switchgear systems. Analyzed existing processes and implemented strategic improvements to optimize efficiency, productivity, and product quality.      Developed and implemented robust maintenance procedures and quality control protocols to maximize the    performance and longevity of switchgear equipment. Utilized advanced testing methodologies and data-driven approaches to ensure the highest standards of product quality and reliability. Demonstrated a commitment to professional growth and development by staying abreast of the latest advancements and emerging trends in electronics and switchgear technologies. Actively sought opportunities to expand technical knowledge and expertise through continuous learning and professional development initiatives. Achievement - Improved operator efficiency by 60% in the production workflow and eliminated non-value-added tasks which saved around 1 million INR miscellaneous budget of the company. Bmc Electroplast Pvt. Ltd. (Intern) (September 2015-May2016)