SURIYAPRABHA GD Mobile number: +91 8870060697 Mail Id: suriyaprabhagd2003@gmail.com About me As an aspiring Computer Science & Engineering undergraduate with a passion for data analytics and software development, eager to kick-start my career in a supportive environment. Seeking an entry-level position where I can apply my foundational coding skills, learn, and contribute effectively to software development projects. Academic Qualification Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering Specialization in Data science Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Chennai, India. 2021- 2025 CGPA: 8.5 (up-to 5th semester) Senior secondary Green park higher secondary school, Namakkal, India-2021 Percentage: 92% Higher secondary Bhagavan higher secondary school, Tiruvannamalai, India. 2019 Percentage: 94% Technical Skills Programming Languages:  Python  Excel  Data Visualization  Internships RETECH SOLUTIONS PVT.LTD - January 2024  The AI-Powered Customer Support Chatbot project aims to streamline and enhance customer service interactions by leveraging artificial intelligence (AI) technology.   This chatbot serves as a virtual assistant capable of understanding and responding to customer inquiries, resolving common issues, and providing relevant information in real-time. Pantech Solutions (Virtual Internship) - April 2023  Gained hands-on experience in creating data dashboards using Excel.  Developed expertise in data visualization, presentation, and exploratory data analysis Project 1 Title: Email spoofing and detection Description: The Email Spoofing Detection System project is designed to detect and prevent email spoofing, a common technique used by malicious actors to impersonate legitimate senders and deceive recipients. By leveraging advanced algorithms and techniques, this system aims to enhance email security and protect users from phishing attacks, data breaches, and identity theft. Project 2 Title: Smart car parking system Description: The Smart Car Parking System project aims to revolutionize traditional parking management by employing advanced technology to optimize parking space utilization, enhance user experience, and streamline parking operations. Leveraging Internet of Things (IoT) sensors, real-time data analytics, and mobile applications, this system offers a seamless parking experience for drivers while improving efficiency and revenue generation for parking facility operators. Project 3 Title: Creating dashboard using excel Description: In this project I have used automobile dataset to create a dashboard which involves summarizing and visually presenting data for quick insights ,using charts, tables, and interactive elements. Languages  English(Read, Write, Speak)  Hindi (Read, Write)  Tamil (Speak)  Certifications:  Great learning - python for data science   Great learning  SQL for data science   Declaration I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge. Suriyaprabha Chennai, India  