Prasanna Kumar Dheekonda  prasannakumard | (cid:239) Prasanna kumar Dheekonda | # prasannakumard@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9502870730 Summary Im Prasanna Kumar Dheekonda, a third-year computer science and engineering student at SRM University AP. I am an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner with expertise on both AWS and IBM Cloud. I am proficient in C, C++, and Java and have created a portfolio website to exhibit my projects. My technical profile is defined by my knowledge in the cloud and commitment to remaining current with industry developments. For details, click here. Work Experience Product Fit and customer analyst - Xsite(israel) Nov 2023 - Feb 2024  Spearheaded customer-centric product development initiatives at X-Site International. integrated market research, data- driven decision-making, and cross-functional collaboration. Successfully aligned products with customer expectations, achieving optimal market fit AWS cloud Intern at APSSDC Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Proficient in AWS cloud services and infrastructure management. Hands-on experience in Amazon Lex for chatbot development. Understanding of EC2 instances for scalable computing solutions. Creative Head of SRM-AP Entrepreneurship department Nov 2022 - present  As the Creative Head of the E-Cell in the Entrepreneurship Department at SRM University AP, I manage design projects and web development. With a year of experience, I create visually appealing designs and ensure their quality for pub- lication. My role requires a keen eye for aesthetics and attention to detail, consistently delivering impactful results. Projects Chatbot Development and Deployment Using AWS Lex, Lambda, Integration Developed and deployed a conversational AI chatbot using AWS Lex, Lambda, and API Gateway, integrating it with social media platforms for enhanced user engagement and automated support. Achieved a 70 percent reduction in response time and high user engagement. Citrus Disease Detection Incorporated CNN methodologies, including VGG and ResNet, to develop a system for citrus disease detection from leaf images, showcasing proficiency in deep learning techniques for agricultural applications. Blood Donation Management System  Developed a database management system using Java to handle donor information, blood inventory, and donation records. Utilized Javas object-oriented programming principles to create a user-friendly interface. Ensured accurate and secure data retrieval and manipulation within the database system. Certifications AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Click here to view AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner with demonstrated knowledge of core AWS services, cloud concepts, security, and cost management, enabling efficient cloud-based solutions and effective resource utilization. IBM Cloud Computing Fundamentals Click here to view Certified in IBM Cloud Computing Fundamentals, with expertise in cloud concepts, IBM Cloud services, architecture, and management, enabling the deployment of scalable and secure cloud solutions. HackerRank SQL Intermediate certification Click here to view HackerRank SQL Intermediate certified, proficient in complex SQL queries, data manipulation, and database management, demonstrating strong analytical and problem-solving skills.. Achievements Webmobdevthon Hackathon - Winner Click here to view Winner of Webmobdevthon Hackathon for developing a website with UI/UX design for SRM University APs Hackathon club, demonstrating exceptional web development and design skills. Prodevthon Hackathon - First Runnerup Click here to view First Runner-Up at Prodevthon Hackathon for creating an outstanding UI, showcasing exceptional design skills and inno- vative user interface development. Meta Spark AR Hackathon Click here to view Participated in the Meta Spark AR Hackathon and successfully submitted an AR effect, showcasing creativity and technical proficiency in augmented reality development. Uxplore by IIT Varanasi Click here to view Participated in Uxplore, a UI/UX-based virtual competition organized by IIT Varanasi, showcasing exceptional design skills by creating user-centric and striking digital product designs. Designex 2.O CSI Chapter VIT-AP Click here to view Participated in Designex 2.0, a UI development competition using Figma and Flutter, demonstrating advanced skills in creating intuitive and visually appealing user interfaces. Education 2021 - Present Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Intermediate Class 10th Skills Technical Soft Skills Problem-Solving, Strong Communication Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL (GPA: 7.43/10.0) (6.7) (9.7) Last updated: June 21, 2024