Tanmaydeep Singh Github: github.com/Tanmaydeep-Singh Education  Sophia Senior Secondary School Class 10 ; Percentage: 90  St Johns Class 12 ; Percentage: 86  Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Techonology Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science; GPA: 9.27 Email: simarsing007@gmail.com Kota,Rajasthan, India April 2005 - March 2019 Kota,Rajasthan, India April 2019 - June 2021 Delhi, India July 2021 - June 2025 C, C++, JavaScript, Python, Solidity, Bash React.js, Node.js, Express.js, Vue.js, Next.js, Tailwind, Nest.js, Typescrypt GIT,Docker, Github MongoDB, Heroku, Vercel, Netlify Web, Arduino, VS Code,Linux Leadership, Event Management, Writing, Public Speaking, Time Management, Photography Skills Summary  Languages:  Frameworks:  Tools:  Platforms:  Soft Skills: Experience  Zuraverse T3 Developer (Part-time)  Cling Multi Solutions Software Developer Intern  Satyug Software Development Intern I started with constructing the architecture for the Zuraverse Website. Then I developed a chatbot over Python with TensorFlow I have also Constructed the backend for Verde Planters.  Metaverse ventures Private limited. Blockchain Full Stack Intern Work on product-focused design,Translate product concepts and requirements into user flows, wireframes and prototypes that lead to intuitive user experiences. API development and integration with Nest and Next.Deployment using hardhat.. I have worked with the responsiveness and functionality of the websites. I have also worked with API integration and the creation of RESTful APIs. I have done research and development over azure cloud services. Virtual August 2023 - February 2024 Virtual Febuary 2023 - July 2023 Virtual December 2022 - May 2023 Virtual September 2022 - March 2023 Here I have worked with React.js and Next.js for the front end, have developed APIs using Nodejs and Express.js, and have also used Multer and Nodemailer. I have also developed a smart contract over solidity and have used WEB3 and Ethers Projects  NFT Website - (ReactJS, NodeJS, Firebase ExpressJs): This was the project build by GDSC GTBIT for SOlana Hacker House 2022. We used React for the frontend and Firebase to store the required data.  Antas Foundation - (Vue.JS, Node.JS, Express.JS, MongoDB, RazorPay) : Build a webapp for a NGO over MEVN stack and CMS. There is RazorPay integration in the webapp so that people could donate to Antas Foundation.  IEEE GTBIT : This is the official website of IEEE, GTBIT. The stack we used for this was MEVN, Markdown, HTML, CSS, and JS. This is a headless website, and we have connected the front end with the back end with Axios.  Satyug -(NextJS, ContextAPI) : Build a React app based on Sprituality, Meditation, Religion and Yoga with metamask wallet integration..  The Web Krew - (React.JS, Email.JS) : Build a website for The Web Krew over react and juse email.js for mailing system. For home page, I used Vantajs for the halo. Volunteer Experience  Management Co-lead at The Phoenix Guild Delhi Management of offline events & mentoring the participent . Delhi, India Jan 2023 - Present  Developer at Developer Student Clubs GTBIT Delhi, India Helped in conducting online and offline technical events & developed projects in Web and ML to help team.Aug 2022 - Present  Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers GTBIT Delhi, India Organized events, conducted workshops and helped juniors in getting started with web development.Mar 2022 - Feb 2023