Siddhant upadhyay siddhantup2610@gmail.com +91 6307143591 Jaipur, India Linkedin Github Php Sql Git Python Blender Streamlit SKILLS C Html Javascript Css Project Management Machine Learning Django PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SBI(Analytics department) SDE intern Engineered a generative AI response bot for banking queries that enhanced customer interaction speed by 40%, successfully implementing RAG and fine-tuning concepts to streamline response accuracy and efficiency. Fine-tuned TinyLlama-1.1B-chat-v1.0 chat based model with Q&A datasets with guard rails, improving response accuracy by 25%. enabled QLoRA techniques to reduce memory footprints and gpu usage by 85%. The Sparks Foundation Web Developer Created a simple online banking system enabling users to transfer and receive funds efficiently. Devised a secure and reliable application with user-friendly interfaces, resulting in increased user satisfaction. resulting in a 15% increase in user satisfaction and handling over 50 users daily. PROJECTS Customer Segmentation Prepared a customer segmentation model using sophisticated machine learning techniques, enabling personalized marketing strategies and enhancing customer engagement. Performed comprehensive data analysis to identify distinct customer segments and Utilized data visualization tools like Matplotlib and Seaborn to create intuitive dashboards and reports, Implemented and refined clustering algorithms, such as K-means, to classify customers into meaningful groups based on their behavior and preferences. NexTDooR A buy/sell/rent website for college students Developed an online marketplace for college students to buy, sell, exchange, rent items securely and also promote their brands, art, collaborations. Implemented user authentication and item listings. May 2024  Jul 2024 Mumbai, India Jun 2022  Jul 2022 Jun 2024 LLM usage Techniques in an Enterprise context May 2024  Jul 2024 Pioneered a generative AI Response bot for providing responses to banking queries, increasing reducing time and effort. Fine-tuned Hugging Face model on an customized QnA dataset. Volume control using hand gesture Feb 2024 Authored a sophisticated volume control system using computer vision techniques and Python and it's libraries. Enabled users to adjust audio levels through natural hand gestures, enhancing user experience. Colleges official job portal Collaborated with a team of 4 to develop the frontend of the college's official job portal. Focused on making the homepage responsive to different devices, increasing accessibility. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur Btech CGPA : 7.97 Kendriya Vidyalaya Intermediate Nov 2021  present Jaipur, India Apr 2019  Mar 2020 Lucknow, India