Linkedin:-https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreyansh-singh Email: shreyanshsingh22ff1@gmail.com 305b8528a/ GitHub:-https://github.com/Shreyansh121?tab=repositories Mobile:+918815962899 Greater Noida-UP Shreyansh Singh EDUCATION Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology B. Tech in Computer Science(AI)-7.9 cgpa D.A.V. Centenary Public School SSC (2020): 74%, CBSE HSC (2018): 72%, CBSE UP India Nov. 2021 - june 2025 June 2018 - August 2020 SKILLS SUMMARY  Languages:  Frameworks:  Tools:  Platforms:  Soft Skills:  key skills: Python, SQL, JAVA, R, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, Tenserflow, .NET Power BI, Excel, PowerPoint, Tableau, MySQL PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Visual Studio Code, Intellij IDEA Repport Building , Problem Solving , Statistical Analysis Data Analysis & Visualization ,Process Optimization , ML WORK EXPERIENCE BUSINESS ANALYST INTERN | Webriy January 23- March 24  Streamlined data collection and reporting procedures, reducing processing time by 20% enhancing efficiency.  Implemented process improvements and automation solutions, resulting in 15% increase in productivity.  Collaborated with 3+ cross-functional teams to gather requirements, define project scopes, and ensure alignment with business objectives, fostering effective teamwork and project success.  Produced 15+ comprehensive reports and presentations summarizing findings and recommendations.  Conducted in-depth market research and analysis, resulting in the identification of 10+ key trends and insights that informed strategic decision-making processes Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation|Accenture March 24 - apr-24    Completed a simulation focused on advising a hypothetical social media client as a Data Analyst at Accenture Cleaned, modeled and analyzed 7 datasets to uncover insights into content trends to inform strategic decisions Prepared a PowerPoint deck and video presentation to communicate key insights for the client and internal stakeholders PROJECTS Student Performance Prediction  Achieved a 96% accuracy rate in forecasting student academic performance by developing and deploying a ML model.  Managed data integrity by handling missing values and encoding categorical variables,enhancing quality by 33%.  Identified and comprehended key factors influencing academic performance through thorough analysis. Database Design  Designed a relational database schema using SQL, ensuring efficient data storage and normalization.  Optimized database performance with indexing and query tuning, improving query speed.  Implemented data integrity rules with foreign keys and constraints, ensuring consistent data across tables. Google Search Analysis with Python  Implemented Google Search Analysis using the Pytrends API to extract and analyze search trends based on region and language.  Visualized interest over time and by region for various search queries, providing insights into search popularity and trends.  Leveraged Pytrends for keyword suggestions and related queries, supporting data-driven decision-making and marketing strategie CERTIFICATION AND ACCOMPLISHMENT  Participated in Smart-India-HACJATHON-2023, my role was to data interpretation, identifying patterns and anomalies to provide insights for decision making.  Generative AI in Education at Coursera :-  Exploratory Data Analysis.  Model Building and Interpretation.  Machine Learning Production.  Introduction to Deep Learning & Neural Networks with Keras.(Coursera)