KHAGENDRA NATH MOHANTA mohanta.khagendranath@gmail.com | +91 85294 49482| https://github.com/KHAGENDRA0P EDUCATION Manipal Uni ve rsi t y Jaipur, Rajasthan, India Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology 2021 - 2025 CGPA(till 6thSem):7.80  Relevant Coursework: OOP, DSA, RDBMS, Operating Systems, Probability & Statistics, Discrete Mathematics, Computer Networks, Data Communication, Soft Computing, AI&ML, Information Security, Computer System Architecture WORK EXPERIENCE Internshala Student Ambassador Program Partner Sep - Nov 2022  I was an Internshshala Student partner and an outstanding performer of Internshala's Campus Ambassador Program (ISP) 31st edition and got ranked 65 out of 91,509 students selected from different colleges across India. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: C, Java, Python 3, JavaScript, Data Structures and Algorithms Database Systems: MySQL Network Administration: TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, NetSim AI: Scikit-learn, Pandas, NumPy, TensorFlow, Machine Learning (regression, classification, clustering, decision trees, support sector machines, artificial neural networks) Tools and Technologies: Git, GitHub, Jupyter, PyCharm, NetSim and Cisco Packet Tracer PROJECTS OBE Tool (Outcome Based Evaluation for college) (Minor Project) Feb - May 2024  The OBE Tool strives to improve education at Manipal University, Jaipur. The aim is to improve the design process, evaluation and feedback process. The program is designed to help teachers, administrators, and students engage in effective teaching, decision-making, and engaged learning. OBE tools seek to contribute to the University's reputation for academic excellence and ensure student development by supporting continuous improvement. Disease Predictor (Disease Prediction by System using Supervised Learning) Nov - 2023  An automated disease prediction system that takes input from users and provides a list of probable diseases. HMS (Hospital Management System) Oct - Nov 2023  In this Project we aim to solve the traditional issues of hospital management. The existing system provided paper based. The main issues were inappropriate data keeping, time wastage in storage, retrieval, also patients were unable to understand the prescription etc. These issues are solved by providing a separate user account for doctors, staff, and patients. Keeping each patients data separate and track previous visits in a single click. It provides some enhanced features such as: an easy interface to add and remove employees. Notes Taking App April 2023  Built an user-friendly and simple notes-taking application utilizing HTML for the core structure, CSS for styling, JavaScript (JS) for interactivity, and MySQL for robust data persistence. This web-based app empowers users to add, update and delete their notes, ensuring important information is always readily accessible. CERTIFICATIONS RedHat System Administration (RH124) & (RH134), Computer Communications (University of Colorado System), Introduction to Git and GitHub (Google),     HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for Web Developers (Johns Hopkins University) ACHIEVEMENTS & PARTICIPATION  Cleared 1st round of 36-hour Hackathon MUJHackX 2023 by Manipal University. (Sept 2023)  Second Prize in Web Wizards competition by CSE Dept. (March 2023)  Took part and contributed to Open-Source in HacktoberFest '22. (Oct 2022)