FAISAL AZIZ Github: github.com/azizfaisal040 linkedin: linkedin.com/in/faisal-aziz-01976721b SUMMARY Email: faisalazizfa308@gmail.com Mobile: +91 7061808612 Highly motivated and result-oriented Computer Science Engineering student with a strong academic track record and a passion for technology.I have a strong foundation in programming, data analysis and machine learning. Proficient in languages such as Python,Mysql and R, with hands-on experience in data manipulation, visualization, and statistical modeling. EDUCATION Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering(Data Science); CGPA: 8.41 Guru Nanak Hr. Sec. School Intermediate SKILLS SUMMARY Nov 2021 - Present Jun 2019 - Mar 2021 Python, JAVA, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Languages: Frameworks: MongoDB, Apache Hadoop Tools: MySQL, Git, Tableau, PowerBI EXPERIENCE Internshala JUN 2023 - AUG 2023 As a part of the internship i was taught various fundamentals of web technology and then taught about the technologies used to develop a functioning website- like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, DBMS, PHP, Java Script Developed a website PG life as a part of this internship, Worked on Xampp apache server to store our login and registration details on local database. PROJECT sales market data prediction Developed a Machine Learning Model to Analyze the sales of various product and Analyzed the features like(Item Weight distribution, Item Visibility distribution, etc). Used XGBoost Regressor on a dataset, For making predictions on both training and testing data. Spotify Clone Made a clone of spotify with key features including such as music playback, and responsive design with user-friendly interface. Implemented a dynamic user interface with seamless navigation and real-time updates. Heart disease prediction Developed a heart disease prediction Machine Learning Model with an accuracy test of more than 85% on training data. CERTIFICATES Python Basics (University of Michigan) Python for Data Science,AI & Development (IBM) Data Analysis with Python (IBM) Human-Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation (University of Toronto) VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Event coordinator at Annual tech fest Successfully organized an event CodeQuest at our college annual tech fest(Ebulliance)-2024 Volunteer at GGC Volunteered with the Green Gold Society Club, participating in tree planting initiatives to promote environmental sustainability on campus.