Aditya Roll No.: 20216028 Bachelor of Technology Production and Industrial Engineering Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad, Prayagraj (cid:131) +91-7544077341 # a94917286@gmail.com # aditya.20216028@mnnit.ac.in  GitHub Profile (cid:239) LinkedIn Profile Education Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad, Prayagraj B.Tech in Production and Industrial Engineering Delhi Public School SAIL Township, Ranchi Class XII, CBSE Assembly of God Church School Class X, CBSE Experience 2025 CPI: 7.63 2021 Percentage: 96.6 2019 Percentage: 91 CavinKare Remote Sales Internship  Market research and Analysis: Conducted research to understand the needs and preferences of the target audience, June 2024 identify trends, and analysed the effectiveness of current strategies.  Data Analysis: Inspected sales data to identify patterns, trends, and opportunities for improvement. Prepared reports and presentations based on findings. Pawzz Social Sector Marketing Internship Remote  Campaign Management: Assisted in planning, executing, and monitoring marketing campaign aimed at raising May 2024 awareness and promoting the organisations initiatives and programs. Personal Projects E-commerce Customer Segmentation using K-Means Clustering Segmented customers of an E-commerce platform based on their purchasing behaviour to improve customer satisfaction.  Tools & technologies used: Python, Jupyter Notebook  Collected and preprocessed customer data to apply K-means clustering, determining clusters using Elbow Method June 2023 and Silhouette Score. Examined segments to provide insights for personalised marketing strategies. Pizza Sales Analysis and Visualisation Analysed and visualised pizza sales data to uncover trends, optimise inventory, and enhance decision making.  Tools & technologies used: Power BI, SQL  It is a data analysis and visualisation initiative focused on the analysis and visualisation of sales data from a fictional pizza restaurant chain. SQL is utilised for data extraction and transformation, while Power BI is employed for data visualisation.The projects goal is to provide insights to assist in improving sales, optimising operations, and enchancing customer satisfaction for the pizza restaurant chain. July 2024 Customer Feedback Analysis Evaluated customer feedback and identified key areas of improvement.  Tools & technologies used: Python, Jupyter Notebook  Built a sentiment analysis tool to assess and analyze large volumes of customer feedback, and help prioritize areas December 2023 for improvement for Happay. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: SQL, Basic Python(Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn) Developer Tools: Power BI, MySql Workbench, Jupyter Notebook Soft Skills: Quick Learner, Active Listener, Time management Areas of Interest: Data Base Management System, Supply Chain Management, Market Research and Analysis, and Predictive Analytics. Positions of Responsibility Student Mentor, Student Mentorship Program(SMP) Member, E-Cell, MNNIT Allahabad Achievements Achieved First Rank in Automax, an event organised under Avishkar(Technical fest of MNNIT) Achieved Second Rank in Survivor Series, a quiz event organised under Avishkar Achieved Second Rank in Trading Strategist, a trading event organised under Avishkar 2022 2022 2023