Ritika Saini 8630852466 ritisaini1976@gmail.com Github LinkedIn P R O F I L E Highly motivated and diligent B.Tech student specializing in Computer Science and Engineering with a focus on Data Science. Adept at leveraging strong analytical and programming skills to solve complex problems and deliver innovative solutions. Passionate about continuous learning and professional development, seeking opportunities to contribute to dynamic projects and collaborate with diverse teams. Strong foundation in data analytics, software development, and algorithm design, complemented by hands-on experience in various technical projects and internships. E D U C A T I O N Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology (NIET) Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering(Data Science); 2021  2025 CGPA: 8.28 Asha Modern International Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh Twelfth; Percentage: 91 .8 2020  2021 Asha Modern International Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh Tenth; Percentage: 94.8 2018  2019 P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E BFS Intern LTIMindtree Currently interning in the Banking and Financial Services (BFS) domain at LTIMindtree. In the early stages of the internship, focusing on onboarding, understanding key processes, and familiarizing with industry-specific tools and methodologies. Aug 2024 - Feb 2025 Website Developer Intern BitWeaver During my internship, I developed and maintained WordPress websites, utilizing custom themes and plugins to enhance functionality and user experience. I collaborated with designers and content creators to implement responsive and visually appealing web designs. I optimized websites for performance and SEO, resolved technical issues, and contributed to the overall improvement of website quality. March 2024 - June 2024 Website Developer Intern (Frontend) WapVenture During my internship, I developed and maintained web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, collaborating with designers and backend developers to create responsive and visually appealing web pages. I actively participated in code reviews to enhance application quality and debugged frontend issues to ensure a seamless user experience. JAN 2024 - March 2024 S O F T S K I L L S Efficient problem-solving and debugging. Strong collaboration with team members and stakeholders. Skilled in task organization, prioritization, and meeting deadlines. Quick to learn new technologies and adapt to changes. P R O J E C T S NGO Website: Developed a user-friendly website for sarvannshikshafoundation using WordPress to enhance online presence, engage stakeholders, and facilitate donations. Educational website: Developed a user-friendly educational website for using WordPress to enhance online learning, provide resources, and engage students and educators. Sales Insight: Developed an interactive Tableau dashboard for the Corporation, to analyze sales data, identify trends, and provide actionable insights, to increase sales. House Price Prediction: Implemented a house price prediction model using Python, leveraging scikit- learn for data preprocessing, feature engineering, and machine learning algorithms, resulting in accurate price predictions and valuable market insights. Myntra Clone: Created a fully functional e-commerce web application inspired by Myntra, featuring product listings, user authentication, shopping cart, and payment integration. Enhanced user experience with responsive design and efficient search capabilities. P R O G R A M M I N G S K I L L S Languages: Python, JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5 Statistical Analysis: Hypothesis Testing, Regression Analysis, Time series analysis Data Visualization: Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly Databases: MySQL Frameworks: Bootstrap, WordPress Version Control: GitHub Machine Learning: Scikit-learn, PyTorch, TensorFlow BI Tools: Power BI and Tableau Data Wrangling: Pandas, Data Cleaning and preprocessing C E R T I F I C A T I O N S Data Analysis with Pandas and Python Big Data  201 Introduction to NoSQL Databases Web Development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript What is Data Science Data Science and Machine Learning Applied Data Science Capstone Data Visualization with Python Python Projects for Data Science Introduction to NoSQL Databases Data Analysis with Python Python for Data Science, AI and Development Basic Data Descriptors, Statistical Distributions, and Application to Business Decisions Human-Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation Power BI