Sharini Deepthi Putla  Sharinideepthi | (cid:239) ShariniDeepthi | # shariniputla@gmail.com | H 7893818807 SUMMARY An enthusiastic and motivated student with a strong passion for problem-solving and innovation, looking forward to applying my skills and knowledge to real-world challenges. I am committed to continuous learning and excelling in the industry, with a focus on making meaningful contributions and driving positive change. PROJECTS Rakshak Ka Raksha -XML, Kotlin, Google Map API Link  Designed an Android app to enhance watchmen safety by integrating an SOS button that triggers alerts to nearby users via SMS and calls to emergency contacts given by the user.  Integrated map view for locating nearby help. Chatbot for Student Queries- Python, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Link  Designed a user-friendly webpage and integrated a rule-based chatbot.  Integrated features for browsing through reference books spanning an entire four-year curriculum. Sentiment Analysis Using Twitter Data- SVM, Random Forest, Naive Bayes Classifiers  Conducted data visualization and exploratory data analysis (EDA) to understand the data distribution and key patterns.  Achieved accurate analysis and interpretation of emotions and opinions conveyed in textual data. WORK EXPERIENCE Research Intern Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Designed an approach that opens new ways to create strategies that better match peoples preferences and behaviors using neuromarketing.  Research paper about the superiority of ensemble classifier(CNN and LSTM) over current methods in predict- ing consumer preferences, showcasing improved accuracy and robustness. EDUCATION 2021 - 2025 Bachelor of Technology in CSE at SRM University, AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th at Sri Chaitanya junior college, AP 2018 - 2019 Class 10th at Viswabharati high School, AP ACHIEVEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES  Secured a Silver Medal for the Research Paper Inside Consumer Mind: A Neuromarketing Approach using (CGPA: 9.1/10.00) (Percentage: 96.6) (GPA: 9.8/10.0) EEG Signals presented at the 8th Research Day SRM AP  Innerve Hacks by Coding Ninjas AIR-32  Hackerrank Certificate in SQL(Intermeidate)  NPTEL Certificate in Database Management System  Participation certificate in CSquare hackathon by coding club srmap TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages C, C++, JavaScript, Python, Mysql Android Development Artificial Intelligence Relevant Courses XML, Kotlin, API Handling, Firebase Regression, Classification, Clustering, Neural Networks Software Engineering, Data Structures, OOPs, Operating Systems