3.0pt AYUSH KUMAR GUPTA Contact: 6387494844 | Location: Noida, Uttar Pradesh(flexible) | # aayushkumar1903@gmail.com| (cid:239) https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayush-kumar-gupta03/ |  https://github.com/Gupta037Ayush | EXPERIENCE Celebal Technologies | Celebal Summer Intern June 2024  August 2024  Completed in-depth instruction on a range of technical modules offered and obtained useful practical Microsoft Azure experience.  Using Microsoft Azure to build, implement, and manage secure cloud infrastructures was the major goal.  Completed a number of cloud infrastructure tasks on Microsoft Azure, such as Virtual Network (VNET), subnets creation as well as Virtual Machines (VMs).  Created a three-tier architecture and implemented it over several virtual machines to guarantee a safe and effective network activities utilizing network security groups and VNET peerings. Techplement | Cloud AWS Intern May 2024  May 2024  Responsible for deploying and managing the database associated with a web application on Amazon RDS.  While working in a team environment, deployed a web application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk ensuring seamless integration with AWS RDS database.  Successfully hosted the web application on an EC2 instance, demonstrating expertise in AWS cloud services and infrastructure. Bharat Intern | Web Developer Intern Nov. 2023  Dec. 2023  Created and implemented a personal portfolio website to highlight accomplishments, abilities, and project work.  Implemented the replica of the Netflix home page, integrating responsive design concepts to guarantee optimal display on diverse devices. PROJECTS ERP Management System | (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, VS Code.)  github Nov. 2023  Implemented core functionalities such as user login, attendance tracking, faculty, and student data management, and result display on the site.  Collaborated with team members to design and develop a robust, user-friendly system that enhances efficiency.  Deployed and managed the application database on a XAMPP server, by learning both XAMPP and PHP. Movie Revenue Prediction | (Knime, Data Analytics, Machine Learning.)  github April 2024  Created a prediction model on the KNIME platform utilizing data analytics and machine learning approaches to forecast movie sales.  Used a Random Forest Regression model, which can handle complicated datasets and increase prediction accuracy, to estimate movie profits. SKILLS Languages: C++, Java, ,HTML, CSS Familiar With: MySQL, JavaScript, MongoDB, React.js, Tailwind CSS IT Constructs: DSA, OS, DBMS, OOPs Tools: Git/GitHub, VS Code, IntelliJ Cloud: AWS (EC2, Elastic Beanstalk, RDS), GCP EDUCATION Noida Institute Of Engineering And Technology Bachelor Of Technology(Information Technology) G.N National Public School 12th(PCM) G.N National Public School 10th ACHIEVEMENTS Nov. 2021 - Jul. 2025 CGPA: 7.34 Jul. 2021 Percentage: 93 Apr. 2019 Percentage: 90  Participated in GFG HackFest that was Conducted on 27th January 2024.  Authored and published a Desktop Voice Assistant project research paper.  Completed the AWS Academy Graduate-AWS Academy Cloud Foundations badge and completion certificate. (Link)