2-79A, Saibaba Temple Street, Kapileswarapuram, Pamidimukkala Mandal, AP, India 521246 sudheer.challa09@gmail.com (+91) 9959288264 Challa Venkata Rama Sudheer EDUCATION:  Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science, GITAM University GPA: 6.62/10 May 2018 Relevant Courses: Programming with C, JAVA, Data Structures, Computer Graphics and Multimedia.  12th Standard - Board of Intermediate Education Total: 90.8 % May 2014  10th Standard - Board of Secondary Education TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Programming Languages: Java, .NET  Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript  Databases: MYSQL GPA: 9.8/10 May 2012  Tools: Dynamics 365 Business Central, Visual Studio, Eclipse PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: Software Engineer  HCL Technologies, Hyderabad, India April 2022  Present  Worked as an engineer for banking and financial client on critical mission applications to resolve real time production issues  Developed a framework using Docker containers which reduces the time for database operations by inserting data all at once and performing all database manipulations and closing the connection all together  Developed efficient code for application functions with test framework for unit testing coverage Software Engineer  Experis IT, Bangalore, India Oct 2020  Oct 2021  Worked as consultant in a beverage industry to develop Microsoft .NET and Azure stack based applications.  Deployed applications in Dev,QA and UAT to optimize the performance based on the user request by understanding new change requests, estimations, and deliverables, developed reports as per the client requirement Intern  Hewlett-Packard Company, Vizag, India May 2017 - June 2017  I had worked as an intern in a Sales Encore Project and developed a data access service which connects to a MySQL database. The service uses JDBC drivers and performs data formatting along with business logic to feed to a frontend program  Collaborated with the team to support an application in the software development lifecycle (SDLC) and various stages of software implementation ACADEMIC PROJECTS: Droid Detector:  Developed a web platform Droid Detector: Android malware characterization and detection using deep learning. Worked in a team to utilize deep learning techniques to associate statistical analysis with dynamic analysis of Android applications to characterize malware.  Implemented an online deep learning based Android malware detection engine (Droid Detector) that can automatically detect whether an app is malware. Spearheaded the team in development, documentation, and meeting deadlines. Distributed Chat Service Application: February 2015  Developed a distributed client/ server application to provide chat service providing communication transparency using Java RMI and multithreading. Authorship Attribution Analysis in Instant Messaging: November 2016  Developed Authorship Attribution Analysis in instant messaging by identifying stylometric and statistical features like urban slang using API calls, emoticons and special characters.  Implemented to deduce the authorship, derive characteristics of an author and attribute authorship to an author CERTIFICATIONS: Microsoft Dynamics NAV Certification May 2020 - Sep 2020  Dynamics NAV (formerly known as Navision) is an easily adaptable Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution which helps small and medium-sized businesses to automate and connect their sales, purchasing, operations, accounting, and stock management.  It covers all your business processes from finance and purchasing to warehouse management and general reporting. Plus, its super flexible and can be customized to fit your business no matter what your industry.I have used the Microsoft Dynamics NAV Development Environment (C/SIDE plus C/AL) to develop Microsoft Dynamics NAV applications.  It allows you to change/customize the different objects in Dynamics NAV / Navision which includes Tables,Reports,XMLports,Codeunits,MenuSuits,Pages and Queries.