(cid:131) +91-9411608646 # work.shubhankar515@gmail.com (cid:239) shubhankar-ranjan  Shubhankar-Ranjan Shubhankar Ranjan Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology (CGPA: 9.19 / 10.00) October 2021 - Present Jaipur, Rajasthan Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Technologies: React.js, Express.js, TensorFlow, jQuery, Bootstrap, TailwindCSS, Node.js, MongoDB Concepts: Compiler, Operating System, Encryption, Decryption, Articial Intelligence, Machine Learning, API, Database, Agile Methodology, Data Structures and Algorithms, Web Development, Software Development Experience Celebal Technologies Node JS Intern May 2024  July 2024 Remote  Developed a Restaurant Reservation Bot using Node.js, enhancing the booking experience with automated, ecient, and user-friendly interactions.  Contributed to multiple Node.js projects during the internship, showcasing skills in server-side development and real-time data processing.  Actively participated in daily stand-ups and sprint planning, ensuring alignment with project goals and deadlines. Corizo Android Developer - Apprentice and Intern February 2023  April 2023 Remote  Designed and implemented user interfaces for web and mobile applications, integrating various APIs to enhance functionality.  Debugged and troubleshooted code to ensure optimal performance and reliability.  Developed real-world projects, including a fully functional calculator app and a music player app with playlist management and playback features. Projects Gericht Restaurant | Vite, React.js, CSS, JavaScript  Developed Gericht, a comprehensive restaurant application featuring an engaging landing page for customers to learn about the restaurant. Demonstrated responsive front-end prociency by creating a visually appealing.  Live Website Link: https://ranjan-gericht-restaurant.netlify.app/ Social Life | React.js, Node.js, Express, MongoDB  The Web application is called Social Life and it is a simple social media app that allows users to post interesting events that happened in their lives.  Project Repository Link: https://github.com/Shubhankar-Ranjan/social-life AI Model for Stuttering Detection and Prediction | Python, TensorFlow, Machine Learning, Deep Learning  Achieved 82.6% training accuracy and 82.1% validation accuracy with LSTM networks and spectrogram processing.  Leveraged Mel Spectrograms to eectively capture speech characteristics indicative of stuttering.  Investigated Generative Adversarial Networks for potential synthetic data generation to enhance model training. Achievements Deans List Award for Excellence in Academics April 2024  Awarded for scoring highest GPA amongst 360 students in 3rd, 4th and 5th semester respectively. NPTEL - Software Engineering November 2023  Learned fundamental software development life cycle models and addressed challenges in requirements, design, and testing of complex software systems. NPTEL - Design And Analysis Of Algorithms September 2023  Mastered algorithm design techniques and data structures, and analyzed algorithm performance using Big O notation.