PAVITRA GUPTA pavitragupta2504@gmail.com | +91-9026671648 | LINKDEN | GITHUB Education Lakshmi Narain college of technology Bhopal, India  B.Tech CSE- IOT | CGPA:7.75 Shanti public school Guna, India  CBSE (Class XII), Aggregate:74.4 Christ the king college Jhansi, India  CISCE (Class X), Aggregate: 66.1 Skills 2021 - 2025 (expected) 2020 - 2021 2018 - 2019 HTML | CSS | UIUX Designer | java | Blockchain | SQL | Git | Figma | Canva | Cyber Security Work Experience Triyidol Tech | Uiux Designer Internship  Proficient in Figma, Designing App and Website with user centric design which helps in better user Experience.  Worked Closely with the front-end team and helped them in coding and collaborating for fast better work flow. May24 Training Devtown | Front-end Bootcamp  Completed a 7-day bootcamp on hands on project learning practical concept about HTML CSS and JavaScript.  After Completing the bootcamp made my own project of a golf website Project link. Cisco AICTE Virtual Internship | Cyber Security  Developed Proficiency in threat analysis, vulnerability assessments and security protocols.  Got to know more about Penetration testing and incident response plan, Strengthening my Cybersecurity practices. May23 - Jun23 Projects Canvas Based Website | Project link Used Property of Canvas with library of gsap made a website with unique look and innovative design. IOT Based Home Automation | Project link Utilizing Node MCU ESP8266, a single Relay Module, and the Arduino IDE, we developed a system responsive to Google assistant commands and controllable through the Blynk App.  Controlling Home devices such as lights through google assistant. MYCanteen app for a startup | Project Link Project Link Designed two applications catering to both user and seller using Figma and through Uiux designing.  Designed for canteens,users can order hassle free and canteens can maintain their transaction and inventory.. Academic and Extracurricular Achievements  First position in debate competition among 50 teams organized by GDSC LNCTS.  Runner Up in chess competition organized by Engineer's Olympics.  First position in the Tekken Tournament among the whole college organized by HP omen. Positions of Responsibility UXcelerate Club | Designer / Mentor  Instructed 200 plus students in 5 workshops, teaching comprehensive Ui/Ux principles and practices ensuring industry- Oct23 - Present level knowledge. Jan22 - feb23 Sukoon club | Social media manager  It is a mental health-based club, successfully increased the follower base by 25% and increased the online presence and engagement during my tenure. Orator Club | Content writer Oct22-Sep23  Played a key role in crafting and optimizing written content for social media platforms, ensuring effective engagement through good content.