Sakshi Jain Bangalore, Karnataka  +91 9993753443  sendsakshijain@gmail.com To utilize my skills & knowledge for the best of your organization by providing my best services to the organization and to achieve a challenging work and responsibility in the organization. To learn to work in a professional environment. Productive employee with proven track record of successful project management and producing quality outcomes through leadership and team motivation. Works with clients to determine requirements and provide excellent service. Experience JULY 2023  MARCH 2024 Associate - Payroll and Payments | Vistra International Expansion | Indore, MP  Review, reconcile and submit payroll to our local service providers per agreed timeline.  Review and Process ITBP invoice/expense report bi-monthly, including reviewing for compliance per local laws and regulations.  Review and validate the monthly/ bi-monthly payroll reports prepared and submitted by our local service providers.  Make ensure employees and statuary payments pay on time.  Make ensure to client deliverable with full of accuracy on time.  Mentor and train junior payments and payroll specialist.  Ensure payroll and payments are processed accurately and in a timely manner.  Protect companys integrity by keeping client information confidential and Adhere to Data Protection Act and Client confidentiality.  Reconcile bank statement,  Process all types of payment such as Manual Payment, Online Payment, and Taxes payments.  Co-ordinate with the team members & other teams for payment related queries and Issues.  Timely and accurate compilation of required trackers/dashboard  Analysing the invoices, expenses claims, payrolls, and taxes prior to payment setup to make sure the payment has processed on correct banking details and released in a timely manner.  Providing Training to new joiners in the team.  Anticipated to learn the new processes like Payroll Process, Netherlands Payment Process and successfully Process the Payments of CIP & CISC. OCTOBER 2021  JUNE 2023 Junior Associate - Payroll and Payments | Vistra International Expansion | Indore, MP   Involved in E-Payments Processing in SWIFT, SEPA, BACS, CHAPS and Faster payments mode to Overseas Clients in multiple currencies. Involved in processing payments through various banking platforms  Lloyds Bank (CASHFAC), Silicon Valley Bank, Axis Bank, JP Morgan Bank, HDFC Bank, HSBC Bank, NAB Bank, Wells Fargo, Citibank, BBVA Bank, ING Bank, UBS Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Bank of America.  Working on different type of accounting software such as Net Suite and Sun Systems  Prepare templates for beneficiaries to make payment processing easy.  Processing payments of Invoices, Expenses, Fund Transfers, Payrolls and Taxes. MARCH 2021  SEPTEMBER 2021 Finance Executive Trainee | ITL Industries ltd | Indore, MP  Bank entries, Journal entries and A/P invoices in SAP.  Opening of chart of account and asset master creation in SAP   Daily Accounting entries in Tally  Submission letter to Bank of Import & Export Inter-branch/ unit Reconciliation/Cheque/RTGS/NEFT Preparation FEBRUARY 2021 Human Resource Executive Trainee | ITL Industries ltd | Indore, MP  Completing all joining formalities  Induction Session scheduling with HODs  Preparing Offer letter & Appointment letter  Welcome mail to all new joiners.  HR Induction and orientation  Following up & receiving attendance data from all department shift wise entering payroll system.  Preparing and maintaining all the leave data  Registration of New Joiners in ESIC Skills  Basic Knowledge of various Accounting Software Including SAP, Tally ERP 9.0., Net suite, Sun System  Team Leader and Team player  Excellent time management skills  Public speaking  Knowledge of MS Office  knowledge of Microsoft Excel. Education  MBA  Finance and Human Resource Management from Astral Institute of Technology and Research, 2020  B.Com  from Shri Cloth Market Institute of Professional Studies, 2018 Activities  Literature, Dancing, Listening Music & Travel Certifications  Tally ERP-9   Internship certificate in Finance Internship certificate in Human Resource Award  Achieved Above and Beyond Award at Vistra International in the year 2022.  Achieved Above & Beyond Team Award in the Q3 2022 at Vistra International in the year 2022.  Achieved Star performer of the Quarter  Team award at Vistra International in the year 2023. Languages  English & Hindi