VRATANT SINGH vratant11@gmail.com  LinkedIn  GitHub  Website  +916397448487 EDUCATION B.Tech, Computer Science, 7.6/10 Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University Intermediate, CBSE, 86% Nemi Chand Educational Academy TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY Expected 2024 2018-2020 Languages Front-end Backend Cloud Services Kinesis,EBS,EC2,Amplify,CI/CD,Lambda,SNS,S3,Cloudwatch,Route53,LoadBalancer,ACM C++, Python, Javascript ReactJS, NextJS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Material UI, Radix UI, SASS, TailwindCSS, Redux NodeJS, ExpressJS, Mongoose, MongoDB, Postgres, DynamoDB EXPERIENCE Lohum Cleantech | Software development Intern Feb 2024- Present  Authored over 15 APIs and contributed to 60% of the frontend development for the Voltfleet project, including the creation of a comprehensive admin portal to enhance project management and operational efficiency.  Developed 20+ AWS Lambda functions to support the projects backend operations.  Created a conference summarizer application to generate transcripts and summaries of videos using Python, improving content accessibility and reducing manual summarization time by 70%.  Designed and implemented a CRM dashboard used by 100 users, enabling data upload and bulk operations via Excel, and managed API integrations handling over 100 daily API calls.  Oversaw the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) portal on Lohums website, taking 100% responsibility for hosting and maintenance.  Resolved over 3 major plugin-related issues on the companys WordPress site. Clinqo | Front-end developement Intern | Certificate Dec 2022- Mar 2023  Enhanced website code with over 20 reusable components, boosting maintainability and development efficiency  Proficiently integrated 15+ external APIs using Axios to fetch real-time data, enhancing the user interface and elevating website functionality and user experience Computer Society of India-AKGEC | Senior Frontend Developer Dec 2022- May 2024  Collaborated with backend engineers and designers for cohesive group projects.Hosted a workshop of around 200+ students on React JS, promoting knowledge sharing and skill enhancement within the college. PROJECTS Crypto-Tracker | Link  Developed a responsive website using React.js, Material UI, and Chart.js to display real-time cryptocurrency values graphically with a visually appealing UI.  The website utilizes React.js, Material UI, and Chart.js to visually represent data graphically in an impressive, mobile-friendly interface. Exam Portal | Link  Created a comprehensive web-based exam portal using ReactJS, Material UI, and Rest API. Implemented user authentication, test creation, grading, and reporting for a seamless user and admin experience.  Emphasized user experience by enabling efficient navigation between admin and user sections. Admin credentials (Student No: 2100000, Password: Csi@2100000). ACHIEVEMENTS  Collaborated with Carikture to develop a website for Shri Ram Builders in Ghaziabad, enhancing client engage- ment by 30% through the integration of video calling functionality. Utilized React.JS and seamlessly integrated the Jitsi API for secure, seamless video communication among clients and stakeholders. | Link  2nd Runner up at Hackathon 7.0, UPES Dehradun | Link