Jaydeep Choudhary Engineering Graduate, Fresher jaydeep7749@gmail.com 8766622831 Pune, India www.linkedin.com/in/jaydeep-choudhary- OBJECTIVE INTERNSHIP Looking for a challenging career to show the best of my professional ability,skills and techniques to enhance my knowledge and growth. EDUCATION Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Trinity Academy of Engineering 08/2021 - 06/2025, CGPA : 6.14 HSC A.S.D.B.Dada Wala Jr. College 07/2019 - 03/2021, Percentage: 68.% SSC S.K.D.G.Madhyamik vidhyalay 07/2018 - 06/2019, Percentage: 65% SKILLS PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES: HTML, CSS, Java Script, Reactjs, Bootstrap 5. FAMILIAR: C++, C, Java, SQL SOFTWARE & TOOLS: MATLAB, Arduino IDE, Visual studio. HARDWARE: Microcontrollers (8051, Arduino). TECHNICAL SKILLS: Digital Electronics, Analog Electronics, Control System SOFT SKILLS: Problem-solving, Team collaboration, Effective communication, Project Management. STRENTHS -Excellent interpersonal and communication skills -Ability To Work in Team -Hardworking -Willing To Learn New things Brain Vision Technology | Front End , Intern Dec 2023 - Jan 2024| Pune, Maharashtra  Gained practical full-stack web dev skills with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, enhancing dynamic web app proficiency.  Enhanced user engagement by 15% through active involvement in designing user-friendly interfaces, enriching website functionality. front-end components. Technologies: Windows, VScode, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJs, PROJECTS 1) Portfolio Website:  Developed a comprehensive portfolio website to showcase my professional work, technical skills, and achievements.  The website includes detailed project case studies, interactive elements, and a blog visual and demonstrating ongoing industry engagement. 2) Landing Page:  Designed and implemented engaging landing pages optimized for user experience and conversion.  Leveraged compelling persuasive copywriting, and clear calls-to-action to drive engagement and achieve business objectives. visuals, 3) Smart Water Plantation System  Developed an automated irrigation system using an Arduino sensors and soil moisture microcontroller.  Designed the system architecture to include sensor control acquisition, processing, and data mechanisms.  Programmed the microcontroller to automate water pumps based on real-time soil moisture data. LANGUAGES  English Professional Proficiency  Marathi Bilingual Proficiency  Hindi Full Professional Proficiency HOBBIES  Cricket  Explore New Places  Gaming POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY Google DSC Management Team Member (2022-2023) Contributed actively to the management team of the Google Developer Student Clubs, fostering a vibrant community of student developers. Collaborated with fellow team members to organize events, workshops, and initiatives aimed at promoting learning, collaboration, and innovation within the student community. Played a key role in planning and executing strategies to engage members, facilitate skill development, and strengthen partnerships with industry stakeholders. Google DSC Student Coordinator Lead (2023-Present) As the GDSC Student Coordinator Lead, I spearheaded initiatives to foster a vibrant community of aspiring developers. Leveraging leadership skills, I organized events, workshops, and hackathons, facilitating skill development and collaboration among students. Through effective communication and mentorship, I empowered members to explore innovative technologies and pursue their career aspirations within the tech industry.