Ranbir Singh Reen Chandigarh, India, 160030  +91-6283600154 ranbirsinghreen@gmail.com Education Manipal University Jaipur, India. Bachelor of Technology - Information Technology Sri Guru Gobind Singh Collegiate Public School, Chandigarh, India. SSCE | PCM | CBSE Delhi Public School, Chandigarh, India. AISSE | CBSE Relevant Coursework  RDBMS  OOPS  Data Structures and Algorithms  Operating Systems  Computer Networks Projects Machine Learning Models:  Movie Recommendation  Mail Spam Classifier  Wine Quality Indicator Web-Development Projects: May 2021  Aug 2025 Apr 2019  Jul 2021 Mar 2019  Made a fully functioning E-commerce website as a group project, where users can browse and place orders.  Made a website where a user can login and store/access notes, using MERN stack and RESTful APIs with user authentication.  Made a news website using APIS that fetch the latest news and display news articles filtering by categories.  Currently working on making a clone of the Microsoft website (Front-End only). Research Paper:   The impact of this study is that artificial intelligence has the potential to transform criminal investigation work. By addressing the limitations of traditional methods, AI has the potential to accelerate the analysis of large amounts of data, improve policing capabilities, improve model knowledge. The research aims to cover a broad spectrum, including examining the status of the use of artificial intelligence technology in the following areas: action research crime, examining the impact of artificial intelligence on the efficiency and accuracy of data crime. Interactive Dashboard using PowerBI:  Developed a dynamic and interactive dashboard to visualize sales, performance, year to year growth for a company.   Integrated data from Excel sheets. Implemented advanced Powe Bi features like DAX, data modelling and custom visuals to enhance decision-making. Skills Programming Languages: C++, Python, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, React.Js, MERN stack Frameworks/Libraries: Bootstrap, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, React.Js, Tailwind CSS, Express.js, Node.js, Material UI Database: Other Skills: Soft Skills: SQL Server, MongoDB PowerBI, Microsoft Excel Time Management, Teamwork, Problem-solving. Certifications Web Development, Certification from Teachnook Data Base And SQL, Certification from IBM Getting Started with AI, Certification from IBM Database Foundation Course, Certification from Oracle Programming Fundamentals Sep 2022 Jun 2022 Aug 2022 Dec 2023 Jul 2022