AKANSHA CHAUDHARY (cid:131)91-9389086110  # akanshachaudhary184@gmail.com  (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/akansha-chaudhary-066469239/   github.com/me-akansha Summary  Passionate about innovation, design thinking, and digital transformation, I am a Computer Science and Engineering student specializing in AI and ML, set to graduate in 2025. With a strong foundation in analytical research, problem-solving, and strategic insight, I am dedicated to creating cutting-edge digital solutions that propel technological advancements. I bring a forward-thinking approach to every project, aiming to push the boundaries of whats possible in the world of technology. Education Noida institute of Engineering and Technology (Greater Noida 2021-Present  B.tech in CSE(Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) St Anthony Senior Secondary School (Hapur)  Intermediate in PCM St Anthony Senior Secondary School (Hapur)  High School Skills Tools Python,Java,HTML,CSS,JS,GIT,MySQL Core Subjects AIML DBMS,DS Experience PES-Spray Tech Pvt. Ltd Web Developer Front-End Responsibilities 2020-21 2018-19 05/2024-Present  Created website layouts and user interfaces, designing visually appealing and functional page layouts.  Optimized websites for various devices using responsive design principles for a seamless user experience.  Focused on UX/UI to create intuitive websites, conducting user research and testing to inform design decisions.  Stayed updated with the latest webdesign trends, technologies, and best Practices. Back-End Responsibilities  Collaborated with clients, stakeholders, and team members to understand needs and bring designs to life.  Updated and maintained websites to enhance usability and performance, testing functionality and fixing issues.  Wrote clean, efficient code using HTML, JavaScript, JSON, and Python with proper documentation. Prop-Player Web Designer (Intern) Front-End Development 03/2024-05/2024  Ensured website responsiveness across devices using CSS media queries and responsive design principles.  Developed HTML templates and styled them using CSS to achieve desired layouts and designs.  Implemented client-side interactivity and functionality using JavaScript, enhancing user experience.  Deployed the website to a hosting platform (such as Hostinger) to make it accessible over the internet.  Real-estate websites like:- Dlf Gurgaon,omax dwaka,conscient and many more.  Monitored performance, fixed bugs, and maintained website security and updates. Projects  Responsive Commercial website(Online Book Store)  Coffee Shop Website  Personal Portfolio  Face detection  Real estate website(Dlf Gurgaon,omaxe,Conscient etc)  Jarvis virtual Assistant  Random Color palette Live Projects  [Color Generator][Project Link]  [DLF Gurgaon][Project Link]  (Omaxe Dwaka)[Project Link]  [Conscient][Project Link]  [M3m][Project Link] Certifications  Front-End Developer Intern -Prop player  Python for Data Science, AI and Development  IBM  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence - IBM  Human Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation  University of Toronto  Microsoft AI Skills Challenge  Microsoft  Getting Started with AI using IBM Watson -IBM  Building Ai Powered Chatbot without Programming -IBM  Python Basics- University of Michigan  Basic Data descriptors, Statistical Distribution and Applications to Business Development-Rice University  Machine Learning Foundation: A case study Approach  University of Washington  Introduction to NOSQL Databases- IBM  Introduction to Machine Learning- Duke University  Web Analytics - Accenture SOft Skills  Strong Problem Solving Ability  Excellent Teamwork and Collaboration  Adaptability to new technologies and environments  Attention to detail and accuracy  Leadership quality Skills Languages English,Hindi Hobbies Reading Novels,Listening to Music,Dancing Extra curricular Activites  Sports club Coordinator  Technical Club Coordinator  Hack With India Coordinator (biggest Hackathon in India)