ABHIVANDYA ABHIRAM (+91) 870-789-5680 abhiram.abhivandya@gmail.com Website Abhivandya Abhiram abbyexe A B O U T Highly motivated Software Engineer with a passion for innovation and a drive to excel in software development. Skilled in Java, and Object-Oriented Programming. Dedicated to delivering exceptional results in software product development. Eager to contribute my technical expertise and problem-solving abilities to a dynamic and forward-thinking organization in the field of software development. Seeking opportunities to collaborate on impactful projects and make a difference in the ever-evolving world of technology. E D U C A T I O N Manipal University Jaipur | September, 2021 - present (Anticipated Graduation July, 2025) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering 8.58 CGPA La Martiniere College, Lucknow | April, 2017 - March, 2021 Scored 93.2% in ICSE Board Examinations in grade 10 Scored 94.0% in ISC Board Examinations in grade 12 E X P E R I E N C E CES Holdings, Dubai (remote): Data Integration Intern | June, 2024 - July, 2024 Project Title: Integration of the Middleware with Magento for the website Integrated Middleware Solutions: Facilitated the integration of middleware with Magento to streamline data synchronization and enhance e-commerce operations. Data Preprocessing: Conducted extensive data preprocessing, including cleaning and organizing large datasets using Excel, to ensure data accuracy and consistency. System Testing: Performed rigorous testing of products and data flow between Magento and Plytix to ensure system reliability and efficiency. Automation: Automated routine tasks, such as online product verification to enhance workflow. Agile: Worked in an agile environment to deliver high quality results. S K I L L S Java | SQL | AWS | OOP | Data Structures and Algorithms | Version Control (Git) | DBMS | MS Excel P R O J E C T S E-Commerce Website: mybookstore.com Designed, developed, and tested a dynamic e-commerce website for a bookstore, incorporating essential features such as user registration, login, seamless order placement, and a fully functional shopping cart. Utilized a stack of technologies including PHP, HTML, CSS, XAMPP server, and SQL. Detection of DDoS Attacks using RF and ANN Techniques Created and tested a model for detecting Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attacks utilizing Random Forest (RF) and Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) techniques. The model achieved 99.25% accuracy with RF and 98.38% accuracy with ANN, demonstrating high efficacy in identifying malicious network traffic. Authored a research paper detailing the methodology and findings, currently pending publication. Password & OTP Generator and Authenticator Created and tested a Password & OTP Generator and Authenticator that generates random strong passwords that could be used by multiple websites using Java Language. Student Attendance Manager Implemented and tested an attendance management system for students based on Doubly Linked List data structure in C programming language. Capable of storing, deleting, and modifying details of multiple students as well as marking their attendance for multiple subjects. A C H I E V E M E N T S Elite D.A.A. Course Graduate from I.I.T. Madras | October, 2023 Attained the 'Elite' designation upon completing the Design and Analysis of Algorithms course offered by NPTEL in collaboration with I.I.T. Madras. Jumpstart with Cybersecurity and Ethical Hacking | October, 2022 Developed a User Credential Authentication Portal using Java in a hackathon on Jump Start with Cybersecurity and Ethical Hacking by Randomize(); in collaboration with Faculty of Computer Science and Engineering - Manipal University Jaipur. E X T R A C U R R I C U L A R S Achieved the highest marks in Computer Science at La Martiniere College in 10th and 12th grade. Certificate of Appreciation, Blood Donation Camp, Rotaract Club of Manipal University Jaipur (2022) Awarded best team award at Inter-House Debate Competition, La Martiniere College (2019) Champions, 15th National Football CP (7-A-Side) Championship (2016)