PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY A results-driven HR professional, passionate about fostering a posi- tive work environment and optimizing employee engagement. Seeking a challenging HR position where I can leverage my expertise in HR Operation, grievance handling, onboarding coordination, and HR data management to contribute significantly to the success and growth of a progressive organization. Committed to implementing effective HR strategies that drive efficiency, promote professional development, and align with the company's vision and values. EXPERIENCE HR Executive 2022 - Now Appnomic Systems Pvt Ltd, India, Bangalore  Coordinate onboarding activities such as preparing offer letters, Ap- pointment letter, onboarding forms, conducting background checks and employee orientation.  Planning and streamline HR processes and Policies.  Be Part of employee engagement activities to boost morale and foster a positive work culture. Dipanjan GHOSAL Human Resources CONTACT 91+8981248626  Handle employee grievances and ensure prompt resolution of issues. dipanjanghosal007@gmail.com India, Bangalore EDUCATION 2020 - 2022 Master of Business Administration (MBA) Institute of Engineering and Manage- ment (IEM), India, Kolkata 2014 - 2017 Bachelor in Pharma Bengal School of Technology (BST), India, Kolkata 2013 - 2014 12th (Higher Secondary) Xavier's English School, India, Kolkata  Manage leave and attendance records, including tracking and updat- ing employee absences.  Maintain accurate and up-to-date manpower data, HR Trackers in- cluding employee records and organizational charts.  Use HR trackers to monitor and report on HR metrics such as head- count, turnover, and absenteeism.  Administer HRMS portals and systems to manage employee data.  Prepare data and forms for internal and external audits and ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.  Manage Medical insurance GMC and GTLI data, including employee enrolment, claims processing, and vendor management.  Conduct background verification checks and manage relationships with background verification vendors.  Maintain employee data in both hard and soft copy formats and en- sure data privacy and confidentiality.  Conduct exit formalities, including exit interviews, and calculate gra- tuity and leave encashment.  Prepare ad-hoc letters related to employment as required LINKS dipanjan-ghosal SKILLS  Employee Onboarding HOBBIES Listening to Podcast Meditation Practice Energy Healing Watching Anime Reading Spiritual Books LANGUAGES English Hindi Bengali  HR Induction  Employee Grievance  Process Streamlining  Leave and Attendance Management  HRMS Portal  Data Management & Representation  Internal & External Audit  Exit Formalities  Background Verification  Vendor Management COURSES ChatGPT & AI Hacks for MS Office 2023 Skill Nation INTERNSHIPS HR Intern Hyland, India, Kolkata 2021 - 2021