Name : Prince Kesarwani Mobile No: 928475387 E-mail: iamprincekesarwani@gmail.com Electronics and computer science Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai-88 Specialization: C/C++, OOPs, Data Analytics, Python, Web development, Data Science and Machine learning. Roll No. 20UF15571EC018 B.E./ECS Male DOB:18/04/2002 Residential Address: viraj apt shrirang nagar bhiwandi, Thane - 421305 Examination B.E in Electronics and Computer Science (7thSem) HSC (12th) SSC (10th) University/Board Institute/College Mumbai University Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, BNN college, bhiwandi, Thane Kakatiya High School, Thane Mumbai University Maharashtra State Board Year 2020-24 CPI/SPI/%Marks 8.44 2018-2020 65.85 % 2018 83 % Vlab SAKEC, Mumbai INTERNSHIPS  Developed frontend application using html, css, and Javascript  Implemented user friendly simulation solution for Electrical subjects on website  Achieved substantial user engagement with the website, attracting and maintaining an active user base of over 2,000 individuals with our group Data Analytics Trainee (Self-paced), Trainity online  Implemented a variety of data analytics projects, showcasing a strong understanding of data processing and analysis.  Conducted Instagram user analytics using SQL to extract, process, and visualize user engagement and trends.  Performed hiring process analytics utilizing MS Excel to analyze recruitment data and improve hiring strategies.  Analyzed IMDB movie data using Excel, providing insights into trends and patterns within the film industry.  Utilized a comprehensive tech stack including SQL, Python, Power BI, and MS Excel to deliver data-driven solutions and visualizations. In-House Social Media Secretary, ECS SAKEC (Jan 23- March 23) POSITIONS AND RESPONSIBILITY  Developed and executed comprehensive social media content strategies, significantly increasing visibility and engagement.  Engaged and interacted with users on Instagram, successfully achieving an account reach of over 5,000 users.  Acquired and applied key skills in marketing, social media marketing, Photoshop, and content writing to enhance the organization's digital presence. Outbreak Prediction of Disease Using Machine Learning ACADEMIC PROJECTS  Developed a machine learning model to predict disease outbreaks like COVID-19, aiding authorities in proactive decision-making to mitigate the impact.  Built a dashboard to visualize predictions and display overall outbreak conditions, including total cases, recoveries, and deaths.  Technologies used: Python, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Power BI, SQL, Azure Cloud. Doodle Classifier Using ML5.js Library  Implemented a Doodle Classifier using the ML5.js library, leveraging pre-built machine learning models to recognize and classify hand-drawn sketches or doodles.  Integrated the classifier into applications for games, educational tools, and drawing apps to predict and categorize new doodles, enhancing user creativity and engagement.  Overcame challenges such as variability in drawing styles and the need for a diverse dataset, utilizing ML5.js's built-in capabilities for efficient prediction without extensive training.  Technologies used: VS Code, ML5.js library, p5.js, JavaScript. Library Management System (Terminal-based)  Developed a Library Management System using C++ to facilitate efficient management of library resources and operations.  Implemented various Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts in C++, including classes, objects, inheritance, and polymorphism, to ensure modular and extensible codebase.  Designed a user-friendly terminal interface for library staff to perform tasks such as adding, deleting, and updating books, as well as managing member information and issuing/returning books.  Enhanced understanding of OOP principles and proficiency in C++ programming through practical application in building the Library Management System. EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Sports: Cricket, Badminton Hobbies: Chess, Drawing, Traveling, Content Creation Certifications: Red Hat Linux Certification (Paritech), Coding Ninja Coding Competition, Google Unlocked Certification (Digital Marketing), Student Development Program on Competitive Coding with Data Structures  Level 1 (IIT Kanpur)