HARSH GUPTA LinkedIn| iharshgupta.07@gmail.com| +91-8505063481| GitHub Work Experience Hyginiee | Flutter Developer Dec23 - Jan24  Maintained and enhanced the functionality of Hyginiee's main platform and vendors platform.  Updated project dependencies to ensure the latest and most secure versions were utilized.  Responsible for keeping up-to-date with the latest industry trends and implementing best practices.  Developed and implemented new features for both platforms using Flutter and Firebase technologies Skills Languages: C, C++, Dart, JavaScript(basic), html. Technologies/Frameworks: Flutter, Firebase, Git/GitHub. Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College, Ghaziabad  Branch: Computer Science and Engineering  CGPA: 7.93 (current) Projects Major Projects: Doctor Appointment App: 2021 - 2025  Developed cross-platform solution using Flutter for frontend. Leveraged Firebase for robust backend cloud-based infrastructure. Integrated Firebase services including Firestore for real- time database management. Ensured secure user authentication and authorization with Firebase Authentication. Developed generic solution for doctor clinic management and features for multi-doctor comparison and appointment scheduling.  Short video App: Engineered a cross-platform solution using Flutter to drive frontend development.   Utilized Firebase as the backend infrastructure, ensuring reliability and scalability. Integrated  Firebase services such as Firestore for seamless real-time database management. Implemented video recording functionality allowing users to capture and share videos with selected songs and captions, mirroring the core features platforms like TikTok and Instagram. Minor Projects: News App: A blog app that interacts with a REST API. TODO App: A to-do app built on a REST API. FOOD Recipe: An app for discovering recipes and related information. Achievements  Solved 300 + problems across several coding platforms like Leetcode, Code chef, code forces.  Highest rating of 1491 at Code Chef and 896 at Code forces which ranks among the top sites for competitive programmers, secured participants a global rank of 861 in Code Chef contest among 10k+.  Secured Rank in Top 30 among 600+ teams in a 24 hrs technical Hackathon conducted by Shiv Nadar university. Positions of Responsibility Conatus Technical Society | Flutter developer Nov22  June23 As a Flutter Developer at Team Conatus, proficient in Flutter, Firebase integration, UI/UX design, Dart programming, state management, navigation, API integration, and platform integration for college- level technical society applications.