Nashrah Hareem Driven by a passion for technology and innovation; experienced in web development, AI, programming. Quick learner with a passion for technology. Seeking an internship or entry-level role to apply my knowledge and grow. nashrahhareem21@gmail.com 8052230075 Varanasi, India EDUCATION SKILLS Btech Computer Science Engineering REGIONAL Noida Institute Of Engineering and Technology 2021 - 2025, Current CGPA-8.72 Higher Secondary,ICSE Board William Henry Smith Memoral School 2018 - 2019, Percentage-87% Secondary,CISE Board William Henry Smith Memorial School 2020 - 2021, Percentage-89.4% WORK EXPERIENCE Content Writer Ekume Club,NIET Greater Noida Created engaging and informative content for club events, workshops, and activities, including articles, social media posts. Collaborated with club members and organizers to ensure content aligns with the club's vision and goals. Achievements Won third prize in a coding competition organized by college club. Python HTML CSS JAVA Computer Skills Event Organizer Team Work and Collaboration. Fast Learner and Problem Solver. Goal Oriented Mindset Interpersonal Skills. PROJECTS Placement Cell Designed and implemented backend services using Spring Boot to manage student data eciently. - Developed the MVC architecture for seamless interaction between the frontend and backend components. - Integrated Power BI for data visualization and analysis, enabling insights into student academic records, internships, and course completions. - Collaborated with a team of developers to ensure the project met all functional requirements. AI based CHATBOT (Python) Developed a basic AI-powered chatbot capable of simulating human-like conversations.Utilized natural language processing (NLP) techniques to interpret user inputs and generate appropriate responses. Integrated pre-dened intents and responses. CERTIFICATES Articial Inteligence Primer Certication, By Infosys Springboard Introduction to Deep Learning & Neural Networks with Keras, By IBM, Coursera Web Development by Internshala Python for Data Science, AI & Development, By Coursera Python Basics, By Coursera Human-Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation, By Coursera Python for Data Science, AI & Development, By Coursera Object Oriented Programming in Java, By Coursera Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python, By Coursera professionally. LANGUAGES English Full Professional Prociency Hindi Full Professional Prociency