Saurabh Suman LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/saurabh-suman-0b9951226/ Email: saurabhsinghsuman585@gmail.com Mobile: +91-7667196852 Education  Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Technology - Information Technology Courses: Operating Systems, Objext-Oriented Pogramming, Data Structures, Analysis Of Algorithms, cloud , Machine Learning, Networking, Databases, Calculus, Probability and Statistics Greater Noida, UP August 2022 - Present  Government Polytechnic Saharsa Saharsa, Bihar Sep 2018 - Nov 2021 Diploma - Computer Science and Engineering Courses: Operating Systems, C, C++, java, Data Structures, Visual Basic Networking, Databases, Calculus, Probability and Statistics  Patliputra Centeral School Tenth Khagaria, Bihar May -2018 Skills Summary  Languages:  Tools:  Platforms:  Soft Skills: Experience JAVA, C, JavaScript, SQL, CSS VS Code,GIT/Github, MySQL, Intellij/IDEA, Eclipse Linux, Web, Windows,, AWS, GCP,Cloud Leadership, Event Management, Public Speaking, Time Management  OctaNet Services Pvt Ltd. (Web Development) - Developed a Lending Page using HTML and CSS and Created a ToDo list Web page using HTML and CSS, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development and attention to detail. Remote Aug 2024 - Sep 2024 - Collaborated with a team to design user-friendly interfaces and improve website performance. - Ratchet PHP WebSocketImplemented a WebSocket for low-latency real time exchange of posts and thread updates.  Bharat Inrern Remote (Web Development) Nov 2023 - Dec 2023 - Developed a personal portfolio website using HTML and CSS and Created a replica of the Netflix home page using HTML and CSS, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development and attention to detail. - Implemented the layout of the Netflix home page, integrating responsive design concepts to guarantee optimal display on diverse devices and screen resolutions. Projects  web extension on hiding abusive content - javaScript, CSS/HTML : -Developed a browser extension using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to automatically detect and hide abusive or harmful content on web pages. - Developed a web extension for users. - Implemented content filtering algorithms to identify offensive language and phrases in real-time. - Enhanced user experience by providing customizable settings for content sensitivity and display options. - Team project for the mid Sem project in a collage. (june 2023)  AI - Powered Personal Fitness Trainer and dietitian - Python,Machine Learning: Generate personalized workout plans based on user goals, fitness level, and available equipment. Include variety (strength training, cardio, flexibility exercises). - Monitor and adjust workout intensity and volume based on user feedback, progress, and real-time performance data - Use AI to provide real-time feedback during workouts (e.g., form correction, encouragement, and adjustment suggestions).(June 2024) Achievement  Google cloud Certification in Google Cloud Career Launchpad Cloud Engineer track  Microsoft Certification in Microsoft AI Skill Challenge  Coursera Certification in  Elastic Google Cloud Infrastructure: Scaling and Automation  Coursera Certification in Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure  Coursera Certification in Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation  Certification In Full Stack Development from BharatIntern Extra - curricular activites - Participated in many competitions in school and college like Selfie Hunt, Badminton and also manage and Organise the event.