NAVEEN BADISA | Codechef Leetcode | (cid:135) github | linkedin | naveenbadisa2708@gmail.com | (cid:211) 6300292346 | SUMMARY  I have industry work experience with Frontend, Backend and DevOps technologies with 70+ GitHub repositories.  Achieved a 4-star rating on Codechef and solved 360+ Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA) coding problems. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Web development: HTML, CSS, Angular, React, Spring Boot and Django.  Devops skills: AWS, Docker, Jenkins and Kubernetes.  Platform and Databases: Git, BitBucket, Jira, JFrogArtifactory, MySQL and MongoDB.  Languages & Course work: C++, Java, Python, OOPS, DBMS, Operating Systems, Data Structures and Algorithms. WORK EXPERIENCE Certifications Software Engineer Intern Analog Devices Worked on Web development  Worked with Software Engineering Systems (SWES) team to develop a web application using Angular and Golang to manage 94 jenkins controllers to reduce the workload on software support teams and save time for jenkins users. May 2023 - May 2024 Bengaluru, India  Developed a notification banner that appears at the top of the page to alert users whenever there are updates regarding downtime or maintenance of the application.  Developed a search bar to auto-fill user details based on username and add checkboxes to select multiple controllers.  Implemented Golang REST APIs to authorize employees to restart controllers using POST and DELETE requests.  Created UpdateVersion method to update jenkins controller version according to regions via a PUT API request.  Developed unit test for UpdateVersion method using GORM and SQLMock without relying on external database. Worked on Devops Tools  Managed Makefile tasks including linting, testing, build and push docker images and performed database cleanup.  Utilized Jenkins and Docker for CI/CD, achieving an 97.17% reduction in docker image size optimization from 1.47GB to 42.7MB through efficient multi-stage builds, resulting in vast deployment speed and resource efficiency.  Developed a public jenkins shared library for Devops teams to send notifications if the pipeline build successfully and clean the workspace regardless of pipeline outcome.  Tested new Bitbucket server by git clone, push, open PR, merge PR automatically using python script and verify jenkins with git plugin and server integration for scm during data center migration from Wilmington to Ashburn.  Deployed a web application on Kubernetes, providing secure global accessibility exclusively for Analog devices employees, ensuring efficient and easy access for the organization work. PROJECTS SHOPMELLA WEBSITE |  Developed a shopmella web application using ReactJS for the frontend and Spring Boot for the backend. (Project Link)  Created image slider for users to move images side by side and made feedback form for customers to send feedbacks.  Developed Spring Boot REST APIs that allow admins to add new categories and products via POST API request.  Implemented test mode payment functionality for customers to enter their name and card details for secure payment.  Hosted the application on AWS Elastic Beanstalk and integrated a Go-Daddy domain name for easy user access from any location and running the application 24/7 hours. SUPER MARKET BILL |  Developed a super market bill website using Django and MySQL database to manage the products and order details. (Project Link)  Implemented a selection menu for adding products based on quantity units like kilograms, liters and individual items.  Developed a PDF bill generator that displays customer details, product cost and date information within the invoice.  Deployed the application on AWS EC2 instance, utilizing auto-scaling and a load balancer to distribute traffic among the instances, thereby enhanced system scalability and performance. EDUCATION Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation (K L University) Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering with Cloud Computing Specialization. June 2020 - April 2024 CGPA: 9.49/10