+91 7678363475 | ku.kumar.avdesh786@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/Avdesh | github.com/Avdesh Avdesh Kumar Education Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of technology Bachelor of Technology, Information Technology - CGP:8.7 Rajokari Institute of Technology Diploma in Information Technology Enabled Services and Management - CGP: 7.8 Experience Delhi,India Aug. 2021  May 2024 Delhi,India Aug. 2014  May 2018 Full Stack Developer Webson infoTech PVT.LTD feb 2024  April 2024 Gurugram,Haryana  Engineered a cutting-edge estate website using the MERN stack, integrating MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, and Node.js; optimized front-end and back-end cohesion for seamless user experience and robust functionality.  Enhanced user security by implementing cutting-edge authentication mechanisms, boosting user access and management capabilities, including streamlined registration, login processes, and password management functions.  Designed sophisticated search features for efficient browsing and filtering.  Created feature-rich, reusable components to enhance website functionality.  Collaborated with team, managed Git for version control and seamless collaboration. Web Developer Sarathi Foundation  NGO / Social Services March 2023  April 2023 Delhi, New Delhi  Maintained and updated websites, ensuring functionality and performance.  Implemented new features and enhancements to improve user experience.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and plan development.  Utilized modern technologies and frameworks to enhance website functionality and interactivity. Projects Estate  | MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js feb 2024  March 2024  Implementing JWT, Firebase, and Google OAuth for secure and seamless user authentication.  Enhancing state management with Redux for streamlined data flow in the React application  Executing Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations on property listings using MongoDB  Facilitating easy and cost-effective deployment on the render platform for seamless hosting. Social-MERN  | MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js March 2024  March 2024  Developed Fullstack MERN Social Media Application from scratch.  Implemented authentication with JsonWebToken for security.  Designed responsive UI with Material UI and integrated MongoDB with Mongoose for data storage.  Full CRUD Functionality: Enabled users to perform Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations on posts, facilitating comprehensive interaction with the social media platform. Code Editor  | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Code mirror May 2023  May 2023  Edit code for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in one unified platform  Visualize changes instantly with a real-time preview of your code.  Enhance code readability with syntax highlighting for different languages.  Intuitive design for an easy and efficient coding experience Technical Skills Languages: Dart, Java, Kotlin, C/C++, MongoDB, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks and Libraries: React, Express, Node.js, Spring Boot, Bootstrap, Material-UI, Tailwind, SQL, RestAPI Developer Tools: Git, Docker, Google Cloud Platform, Firebase, VS Code, PyCharm, IntelliJ, Soft skills: Communication, Time Management, Teamwork, Good Learner, Focused, Leadership, Problem-Solving, Creative - Thinking