ABHISHEK TIWARI Web Developer Linked In GITHUB LEET CODE abhi407tiwari@gmail.com +91-6392561407 Maharashtra, Pune PROJECTS Analyze and forecast Detection using Machine Learning Techniquent System March 2022 Developed user registration and authentication systems, ensuring robust security measures Can keep track of User , which keeps the track of user and sending the notification via mail to the user requarding the attack Usage of supervised and unsupervised learnng teachniqeues like svm random forest ,decision tree, Made it highly Scalable.Increased the precision and accuracy due to usage of hige level fo dataset. Technologies Used : Pyhton ,using of machine Learning. Jan 2023 Social Media Website Clone Developed the youtube clone name as zoutube . Which offers a variety of methods and characteristics Developed a comprehensive and more resposive clone with the help of api. Created mulltiple cards and diplay of content in the fied of gaming music movies etc. Implemented core functionalities including user login and verification process and designing is more decisefull Usage of React js and Tailwind E-Commerce Website Made a E-Commerce Website sneakers website . It is a full fledged web page. June 2023 Ability to add, edit, and delete products with detailed descriptions.  Categorization and tagging of products for easy organization. Secure checkout process with multiple payment options (credit card, PayPal, etc.). Guest checkout for users who don't want to create an account INTERNSHIPS Veetron Technology Feb-Mar 2023 During my internship I worked as a Web App Developer, where I gained hands-on experience in Creation of web Application. Developed and E-Learning website Login Authorization A query box and contact box College Ranker Learning Based Internship Used skills html and tailwind in React For creation of Gym managnemnt system. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming/Scripting Web Technology Database Other Skills - Core java , Javascript, C,C++ - React ,Html,Css,Tailwind - MongoDB - Bash Shell, Express EDUCATION Engineering and Research (Final Year) Agg. CGPA-8.01 12th | Donbosco junior college, Pune | 10th | Fr agnels Vidyankur Shool, Pune | AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS LeetCode : 100+ Challenges Conquered Jan 2023 2020-2024 2018-2020 2016-2018 Successfully solved 100 + LeetCode questions, showcasing problem-solving skills. and strong programming abilities.