Tanishq Srivastava 631-J World Bank Barra ,Kanpur , UttarPradesh 208027 (cid:131) (+91)9161349106 # tanishqsrivastava217@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in  github.com Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College B-Tech in Computer Science and Information Techonology Harmilap Mission School Intermediate Work Experience SHAPEMYSKILLS PVT LTD Python Developer Intern 2020  2024(70%) Ghaziabad, UttarPradesh 2018  2019(82.6%) Kanpur,UttarPradesh Ghaziabad, UP Sep 2021  Oct 2021  Built a GUI-based Covid 19 Vaccine Slot Availability Portal using Python, Tkinter, Rest APIs and Postman.  Utilized OTP authentication, and enabled real-time access to vaccine slot availability for users in their local area. KRISHAK ENTERPRISES ML Developer, Co-Founder Jaipur, Rajasthan Apr 2023  May 2024  Established a firm in collaboration with Rajasthan Government with the goal of creating a toolset to improve crop yield.  Oversaw a 25 lakh work order while arranging marketing, product development, and strategic planning. Projects Medi CONSULT APP | Java, Android Studio, GoogleMapApi  This project revolves around an application that offers consultancy services to people worldwide.  The app enables users to seek advice and guidance, from the comfort of their homes.  Customers can submit their symptoms and obtain a list of ailments, along with fundamental details about each.  It also has tools for calling emergency services and finding hospitals nearby. E-COMMERCE WEBSITE | Html,Css,React js, Mongodb  Designed and developed a web application to provide shopping interface to buy and sell products.  Created front-end interface in HTML, CSS, and back-end in Reactjs and Mongodb for database.  Used inheritance and other object-oriented programming techniques.  Designed Admin Panel for admin with all functionalities in it. ONLINE EVENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM | Html,Css,Sql,php  I designed this online event management system during the pandemic period.  The web applications server-side scripting is done with PHP. In addition, the frontend portion of the program uses Styled Components, HTML and CSS.  Modules for landing, documentation, events, registration, and administration are handled easily.  The Heroku Cloud is where the event management system is set up. KRISHAK TOOLKIT | IOT,Aurdino,Python,Machine Learning  Designed and developed a toolkit which help the farmer in precise farming.  It works on the seven parameters including surrounding temperature .  Created our own dataset with the help of various resources for the required parameters.  Deployed the model in flask and contribute as a frontend and backend developer. Technical Skills Languages: Java, Python, HTML5/CSS3, JavaScript, MYSQL, MongoDB,Node JS , Developer Tools:MS Office, AWS, Jupyter , Springboot ,Microservices , J2EE Technologies/Frameworks: Git, GitHub, Express , Flask, IoT , Tailwind ,GitLab ,Docker Kubernates,Linux Coursework: Object-Oriented Programming, Computer Networks, Data Structures , DBMS and SQL queries, Operating System, Cryptograpy and Network Security , Software Development Achievments  Winner of Rajasthan IT Day Hackathon 2023 .  Solved 200+ dsa problems on leetcode .  Secured a grant of 25 Lakhs Work Order from Rajasthan Government.  Achieved a Certification on course Data Science for Engineers and Python for Data Science by National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning  Got Certified by INFOSYS on course Database Management System and Python.