Vinay Jain (cid:239) vinayjain18 |  vinayjain18 | # vinayjain449@gmail.com | H +91-8169796256 Summary I have completed a Bachelor of Engineering in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science with Honours in Blockchain from Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai. I have hands-on experience in Machine Learning and Data Engineering projects and am proficient in Python, SQL, and Data analysis. I always look for new ways to apply my skills and stay current with the latest technology trends. Skills Technical Skills - HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, Django, Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Keras, OpenCV, Apache Airflow, Matplotlib, Data Analysis and Visualization, Big Data, PowerBI, Tableau, SQL, Git, AWS, GCP, and Agile methodologies. Soft Skills - Team player, Collaboration, Problem-solving, and Leadership. Internships Machine Learning Intern - Intel Corporation July 2023 - Oct 2023  Worked with their team to develop AI solutions for real-world challenges.  Built ML models by collecting raw data and processing it to the deployment part.  Created Web Crawler using BeautifulSoup library to collect reviews of Amazon products and perform sentiment analysis of it. Backend Developer - Creative Finserve Pvt. Ltd Sept 2022 - Jan 2023  Built and developed the backend logic for the CRM system using Django.  Designing and implementing data models, database schema, and handling URL routes in web app. Data Management Analyst - IIT Bombay July 2022 - Sept 2022  Collecting, organizing, and managing data from various sources into an Excel sheet.  Conducting research on IIT Bombay alums, including data analysis and visualization. Projects Supermarket Sales Analysis Link to Demo Video Performed data analytics on Supermarket sales data using various tools and technologies, including GCP Storage, Python, Compute Instance, Mage Data Pipeline Tool, BigQuery, and Looker Studio. Language Detector Link to Web app Built Language Detector web app to predict the language of the text entered. CountVectorizer and MultinomialNB have been used for model building and Streamlit for building Web app. Synopsia - AI Doctor Link to GitHub Repo Created a web-based application designed to assist patients in predicting their disease based on their symptoms, recom- mending appropriate drugs, and booking appointments with doctors. Education 2020 - 2024 Bachelors Degree at Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engg. College 2020 2018 Class 12th Maharashtra State(HSC) Board Class 10th Maharashtra State(SSC) Board (CGPA: 8.66/10) (77.85%) (91.00%) Other Achievements  Served as the GDSC AI-ML lead, addressing and resolving inquiries from numerous students.  Contributed to my teams participation in the Smart India Hackathon (SIH 2022) at the college level, achieving an 8th-place ranking.  Led instructional sessions on PowerBI and Machine Learning, educating over 40 engineering students.