Devansh 219301712 Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Manipal University , Jaipur Summary +91-8307649130 devanshkhurana2211@gmail.com devansh.219301712@muj.manipal.edu GitHub LinkedIn A driven B.Tech student majoring in Computer Science Engineering with a strong passion for machine learning and AI technologies. As an AI Resident, I researched, designed, implemented, and optimized deep learning models for college -level projects. Proficient in Python, SQL, and frameworks like PyTorch and little Keras, I am eager to leverage my skills and contribute to cutting-edge AI solutions. Education Degree B.Tech CSE Senior Secondary Matriculation Experience Institute Manipal University , Jaipur New Sun Rise Springbells Foundation Board / University CGPA/Percentage 7.28 (Till 6th Sem) 96% 89% MUJ HBSE HBSE Year 2021-2025 2021 2019  SoftwareOne Jun 2024 - Aug 2024 AI Intern Gurugram  Gained practical insights from the AI Operations Head on the significance and implementation of AI in ticketing systems, task scheduling, and database management.  Engaged with a BIT team to understand the process of migrating data to the cloud using Microsoft Azure.  Acquired hands-on experience with SQL and Databricks, enhancing my skills in database management and data analysis. Projects  Sentiment Analysis System Jan 2024 - Apr 2024  Developed a sentiment analysis system using Python and the Keras library for machine learning.  Trained a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model on a dataset of movie reviews from the IMDB database. GitHub  CarbonFootprintCalculator GitHub Jul 2024 - Aug 2024  Built a calculator to estimate CO2 emissions from electricity use and suggest ways to offset the footprint, such as tree planting.  Designed for cryptocurrency miners and general users to understand and reduce their carbon impact.  Python Script Generator with GPT/AI June 2024  Developed a Python script that generates applications using GPT/AI.  Implemented features to take user inputs and generate output code as a zip file in the same working directory.  Hotel Management System Jan 2023 - Mar 2023  Developed a Hotel Management System using Java to handle room enquiries, availability, pricing, booking, and revenue generation.  Implemented user-friendly interfaces for both customers and administrators to interact with the system efficiently. Technical Skills  Programming Languages: C, Java, Python  Tools and Frameworks: Jupyter, Visual Studio, AWS, Figma, PyTorch, Keras  Operating Systems: Windows, Linux Key Courses Taken  Cloud Computing: Completed the AWS Academy Cloud Foundations training, gaining knowledge in cloud computing principles, services, and best practices.  CSE & Maths: Studied Introduction to C, Object Oriented Programming in Java, Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating System, Database Management System, and Numerical Methods as part of the Computer Science & Engineering curriculum. Certifications  AWS Academy Cloud Foundations Amazon Web Services Training And Certification  Alteryx Alteryx Designer Core Micro-Credential: Data Preparation  Machine Learning, Deep Learning Neural Networks with Keras IBM  Data Structures University of California San Diego  Relational Database Management System Oracle Academy Last updated: 28 May,2024