+91-9350465960 jayagandhi29july@gmail.com linledin/in/jayagandhi 29 Jaya Gandhi EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech (Cse honours IOT and IS) , Cgpa:9.03, (Reg no. 219311285) RPS public school 12th , CBSE, 95.6% Jaipur, Rajasthan, India 2021-2025 Narnaul, Haryana, India 2020-2021 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: C++, C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MYSQL, Python, Machine Learning Core Subjects: Computer Networks, DBMS, cryptography, oops Libraries and Tools: TensorFlow, Sklearn, Pandas, Numpy, OpenCV, Matplotlib WORK EXPERIENCE Salesforce Supported Virtual Internship Program July 2024  Present  Engaged in an 8-week virtual internship program focused on developing Salesforce applications and understanding its ecosystem.  Participated in online instructor-led hands-on Bootcamps, gaining practical experience in Salesforce development.  Developing interview soft skills through exclusive soft skills training sessions. PROJECTS Currency Converter, Front-End Project  Proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with a focus on creating responsive and user-friendly interfaces that enhance the user experience. Leveraged these skills to design a currency converter that is both functional and easy to navigate.  Developed a dynamic currency converter that interacts with real-time exchange rate APIs, allowing users to seamlessly convert currencies. The project includes features such as form validation, responsive design for various devices, and a smooth user experience for converting and displaying currency values. Bank Management System, C++  Developed a C++ bank management system with features including account creation, deposits, withdrawals, and balance checks, utilizing file handling for persistent data storage.  Employed arrays and file streams to efficiently manage user data and transactions, ensuring a seamless and reliable user experience through a command-line interface. Parkinsons Disease detection, Machine learning  Developed a Parkinsons disease detection model using SVM with remarkable performance metrics: 95% accuracy, 94% precision, and 92% recall. These results highlight its potential for early diagnosis, crucial for timely intervention and treatment enhancement.  Implemented feature engineering and SVM classification techniques, contributing to significant advancements in medical technology. Outperformed alternative models like Logistic Regression and Decision Trees, showcasing the SVM models robustness in Parkinsons disease diagnosis. AWARDS NPTEL online Certification(Computer Networks and Internet Protocol)  Completed the course of computer networks and internet protocol in Jan-Apr 2024 Paper published in Scopus indexed conference  IoT base paper,Ethical Implications of Widespread IoT Adoption: Data Privacy, Consent and Surveillance  was published in a Scopus-indexed conference by the 2nd International Conference on Recent Advances in Computing Sciences. Deans List (Excellence in Academics)  In recognition of having scored the highest grade point average, 4 times(3rd,4th,5th, and 6th sem). Scholarship  Awarded with TMA Pai Merit Scholarship (100% academic scholarship) Manipal University Jaipur. CERTIFICATION  Mastering Data Structures Algorithms using C and C++, udemy  Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python), University of Michigan  Computer networks and internet protoco,NPTEL  Introduction to Networks, Cisco  Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra,Imperial College London