GOVIND JHA (cid:131) +91-7703867373 # govind.2125csit1068@kiet.edu (cid:239) /Govind Jha EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology KIET Group Of Institutions, Delhi-NCR Intermediate SVS Vidya Mandir, Delhi-NCR Matriculation SVS Vidya Mandir, Delhi-NCR 2021 - 2025 7.5 CGPA 2021 89% 2019 89% SUMMARY Ambitious B.Tech student aspiring to be a Software Development Engineer. Skillful in Machine Learning and Robotics Process Automation, I bring hands-on project experience. Eager to apply my passion for innovation and problem-solving in a dynamic SDE role, contributing fresh ideas and dedication to excellence. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Development Tools Relevant Coursework C, Python, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript ReactJs, Flask UiPath, MySQL, VSCode Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management System, Operating System, Machine Learning PROJECTS Development Automated Deep Learning Based Autism Prediction| Python, Flask, ReactJS Ongoing KIET Group Of Institutions (Expected by Jan 25)  Leading the team of four in developing an innovative Autism Prediction System using deep learning on the ABIDE data-set of 1014 subjects.  Super-heading the construction of a predictive model and contributed to back-end development using Flask.  Integrating the system into a user-friendly website using React, enabling users to submit MRI scans for autism predictions. Automatic Invoice Processing | RPA, UiPath KIET Group Of Institutions  Conceptualized and implemented an Automatic Invoice Processing system using UiPath.  Developed an attended software robot to autonomously download and extract invoice details from incoming Dec 2023 emails.  Successfully stored processed information in a structured format within Excel sheets. Machine Learning Pneumonia Prediction System| Python, Keras, Tensorflow KIET Group Of Institutions  Collaborated in a team of three to develop a Pneumonia Prediction System using the VGG-16 algorithm.  Worked on implementing and fine-tuning the VGG-16 model for accurate pneumonia prediction and achieved Jan 2023 an accuracy of 97%  Contributed to data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation. ACHIEVEMENTS & CERTIFICATIONS  Secured 2nd place at Project Wars 2023 organized by the CSIT department, building a Pneumonia Prediction System with a team of three members on January 19, 2023..  Successfully completed the AWS Academy Cloud Foundation, earning the certificate as an AWS Academy Graduate.  Completed the LinkedIn Learning course UiPath: Robotic Process Automation (RPA).