Sandip Bhande (cid:135) Benteer (cid:135) Sandeepbhande12003@gmail.com (cid:153) sandip bhande EDUCATION KJEI Trinity Collage of Engineering Computer engineering( BTECH ) - 7.5 - CGPA Sinhgad city school Science - PCM - 7.2 PROJECTS Jan 20221 Jan 2025 Pune , India April 2019  Mar 2021 Pune , India Docter-Appointment | css ,Javascript , php , mysql , html l Jan 2024  Developed a Doctor Appointment application utilizing HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL.  Integrated a user authentication system, including login and signup pages, using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and MySQL for data storage.  Designed and implemented a comprehensive dashboard with features such as scheduling appointments and accessing patient details  Designed and implemented a comprehensive dashboard with features such as scheduling appointments and accessing patient details Movie Clone with Api | Reactjs , css , Rapid Api , html Jan 2023  Developed a Movie API application utilizing React.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and REST API.  Created a user-friendly interface for managing movie data, including features for browsing and searching.  Implemented functionality to fetch the latest movie data and organize it within the applications home page.  Managed database operations and integrated new modules with existing ones to ensure seamless functionality. . Bus PMPL Pune | Reactjs , Javascript , taliwadcss , Css , html March 2023  Developed a scalable and performant bus ticketing application using React.js, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript  Implemented validation for the login page and enhanced the user interface of the home page  Integrated QR code authentication and Stripe for secure payment processing .  Significantly reduced server processing load by 50% through efficient QR code scanning implementation and optimization Crime Predication with machine Learning | Python , numpy , Pandas , matplotlib April 2023  .Developed a crime prediction system using machine learning techniques in Python  Utilized libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, and Matplotlib for data processing and visualization.  Implemented predictive models to forecast crime occurrences based on historical data  Enhanced the accuracy and performance of the prediction system through iterative testing and optimization EXPERIENCE | Intersavy   Developed a weather API app utilizing HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.  Also learn more thing and make more small project  Integrated GitHub and LinkedIn APIs to gather data from user repositories. TECHNICAL SKILLS 11/2023 - Present Languages: Python, Java, C, C++,Reactjs , HTML , CSS JavaScript, SQL, PostgreSQL, taliwadcss Developer Tools: VS Code, AWS Cloud , Microsoft Sql , Google cloud Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, Jenkins ,Docker, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Postgresql, mongdb CERTIFICATIONS  ReactJS - Udemy Linux - Coursera  SQL  NodeJS with Express & MongoDB - Udemy  Advanced ReactJS - Udemy  C++  Command Line in  Microsoft cloud computing Classroom - Microsoft