Nitish Chaurasiya (cid:131) +91 8840867665 # Email (cid:239) LinkedIn  Github Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology 7.73 CGPA Surya International Academy Intermediate 83.2% Experience France-Pay App Developer Intern Dec. 2020  July 2024 Ghaziabad, UttarPardesh 2019 Sant Kabir Nagar, UttarPardesh April 2023  Jan 2024 Remote  Developed a digital payment app called France-Pay which works on a wallet system. like Paytm, phone pay, etc.  Spearheaded the implementation of static and dynamic QR code payment options, integrated f-pay ID, and enabled payment requests through the app; revolutionized the user experience and facilitated secure and efficient transactions. Technologies Used : (Dart, Flutter, Getx, Rest API, MongoDB, Figma) Trip Builder App Developer Intern 01 July 2023  31 July 2023 Remote  Added more features in the traveling suggestions app named Trip Builder and improved the app efficiency by 70%.  It provides personalized trip recommendations based on budget, location, hotel, and weather preferences. Technologies Used : (Dart, Flutter, Provider, Rest API, Firebase, Figma)) Wise Choice App Developer Intern Jan 2023  Mar 2023 Remote  Built a betting app named Wise Choice from scratch with a very interactive UI and animations.  In this app user can predict scores of any live sport like cricket, football, hockey, badminton, etc, and earn money. Technologies Used : (Dart, Flutter, Provider, Rest API, Adobe XD) Projects Sign Go App | Dart, Flutter, Firebase, Provider, ML Link  Winner of Shankara Global Hackathon 2023, Organized by Shanakara Group of Institute, Jaipur, Rajasthan, IN  I have built this app which helps us to communicate with hearing impaired people and vise versa.  It converts the speech into sign language and sign language to Speech by using the ML model which is trained by Google teachable machine. MedList | Dart, Flutter, Firebase, Provider Link  Anveshna23 Finalist  Developed and implemented MedList, an innovative medication management solution, catering specifically to individuals prone to forgetting to take their medications on time, particularly elder patients; integrated features to streamline medical care and connect users with their respective healthcare providers.  Users can book an appointment and medicines and it also reminds to to take medicines through notifications. Auto File Arranger | Python, Tkinter, OS module, shutil Link  Streamlined file management processes by creating a Windows software application that intelligently categorizes files according to their extensions, such as .pdf, .jpg, .wave, .mp3, .mp4, leading to a 40% increase in overall productivity. Technical Skills Languages: C/C++, Dart, Python, SQL, JAVA, Data Structure Developer Tools: VS Code, Android Studio Technologies/Frameworks: Flutter, Firebase, Rest API, Git/GitHub Achievements Winner - Shankara Global Hackathon Finalist - Anveshna23 Solved 500+ DSA questions on various platforms. Flipkart GRiD 4.0: Level 1 Qualifier - among the top 7 teams to qualify from college . Got 3150 th rank in Google Kickstart Finalist - Smart India Hackathon Finalist - Rajasthan IT Day Hackathon Responsibilities App Developer - Team Conatus, Technical Society of CSE Department and Artist - Team Footprints, Cultural Society of AKGEC. Organised more than 8 workshops and cultural events in the college Mentored over 50+ students in App Development.