RISHI KUMAR Delhi | 7678684887 | www.linkedin.com/in/rishikumardata | royr54534@gmail.com GitHub Link: - https://github.com/Rishi2000000 EDUCATION B.Tech (CSE Engineering) 2022 2025 Sat Kabir Institute of Technology and Management Diploma (Civil Engineering) Aryabhatta institute of technology Cumulative GPA: 7.9/10 2016 - 2019 OBJECTIVE Aspiring Computer Science graduate, set to complete B.Tech in 2025, with a solid foundation in software. Seeking a software Developer role to leverage skills in Java, Python, and web technologies. Eager to contribute to projects. and collaborate with experienced professionals to enhance product offerings. CODING PROJECTS :- (GitHub Link: - https://github.com/Rishi2000000) Project Name: News- App  Description: Developed an application that displays news updates automatically using an API.  Technologies Used: React.js, Bootstrap, API integration  Frontend: React.js for building the user interface.  Styling: Bootstrap for improved formatting and design.  Features: Real-time news updates through API integration, Responsive and user-friendly interface. Python Game: Snake Water Gun  Developed a Python game where players choose between snake, water, and gun, competing against the program's automated choice.  Demonstrates logic and decision-making skills in Python. React Dice Game  Created a responsive dice game using React.js.  Players select a number before rolling the dice. Matching the rolled number awards 2 points, while a mismatch results in a deduction of 2 points.  Demonstrates proficiency in React.js and responsive web design. PROJECTS: - Accenture Data Analytics and Visualization Virtual Experience Program Participant.  Merged table and identified relationships in 7 data sets, resulting in streamlined and improved insights.  Performed in-depth analysis of website traffic data to identify the top 5 categories on a popularity basis. Tata Data Visualization: Empowering Business with Effective Insights Virtual Experience Program  Formulated 8 targeted questions, 4 for the CEO and CMO, generating insights for business performance and expansion planning.  Analyzed large datasets of up to half a million rows using Power Query in Power BI. TECHNICAL SKILLS:  Programming Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Web Development: React.js, Bootstrap  Databases: SQL, MySQL  Tools & Technologies: Git, Visual Studio Code, Jupiter Notebook, Power BI, Tableau  Other Skills: Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Problem Solving, Team Collaboration