Hardik Bansal Bcom (Hons), Shaheed Bhagat Singh College Delhi University ACADEMIC PROFILE Mobile: +91 8076378854 hardikbansal0207@gmail.com Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) Shaheed Bhagat Singh College, Delhi University II Semester 2023-2026 XIIth | CBSE Xth | CBSE Universal Public School Universal Public School 93 % 91 % 2023 2021 INTERNSHIPS Marketing & PR Intern Pehchaan - The Street School Feb 2024 - March 2024  Reached out to 150+ people via LinkedIn, Instagram & cold mails to inform them about the initiative and compel them to contribute for the school  Built a network of influencers, journalists, NGOs and placement cells to work towards the development of the school by investing their resources and time  Gathering volunteers from various colleges and professionals to teach underprivileged students of the school and share experiences POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITIES Shaheed Bhagat Singh College. Delhi University 2023-2026  Building and maintaining an updated database of various startups and companies.  Reaching out to multiple companies to explore their interest in working with the society for mutual benefits  Onboarding interested companies and providing services like social media management, recruitment of students for internships and live project opportunities  Organized ENNOVATION 5.0, a university level B-plan competition witnessing a participation of 50+ students  Managing the organizing team of 15 people to host the event successfully  Teaching students at various NGOs and interacting with them for fun activities.  Working for the betterment of disabled people like organizing cricket matches for their recreation  Volunteering for various government organized events.  Organized the annual TEDx event by inviting 8 speakers like Divas Gupta, Gaurav Juyal & multiple performers from different fields  Raised sponsorship worth INR 1.5 Lacs in cash and kind by reaching out to multiple companies like Deadbeat, IIDE, Bamboo Bae, etc.  Managed a crowd of 250+ people during the event and ensured the best hospitality for the invited speakers, performers and guests The Entrepreneurship Cell - Live projects Member The Entrepreneurship Cell - Event Head National Service Scheme - Project Kaabil Member TEDxSBSC - External Relations Member ACHIEVEMENTS Olympiads  Secured distinction certificates in English Olympiad in 8th, 9th and 12th grade.  Secured 94 % percentile in Commerce Teachers Foundation olympiad in 12th grade. Co-curricular organized by Delhi Police and secured first position.  Participated in the Jingle Competition of School Road Safety Awareness Campaign at State level  Secured 5th position in Sanskrit Shlok competition organized by Delhi Sanskrit Academy.  Secured 2nd position in skating in the annual sports day of school. HOBBIES -  Managing a discord server for a youtube channel - Talk Football HD having 25k+ members  Playing outdoor games like cricket, football and volleyball  Listening and singing music