NAGESWARAO TALLURI  github | (cid:239) Linked In |  hackerrank | # tallurinageswarao824@gmail.com | H +91 7093896106 Summary Highly motivated Computer Science undergraduate with a passion for developing innovative solutions. Skilled in algorithm development, researching new technologies to improve team skillsets.I am good at adapting quickly, learn new concepts, and collaborate effectively in team environments. Eager to apply academic knowledge and contribute to tech industry. Seeking entry-level opportunities to learn and grow. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at Sri Ramaswamy Memorial University 2019-202 2019 Class 12th The Board of Intermediate Education, Andhra Pradesh Class 10th Board of Secondary Education Of Andhra Pradesh (GPA: 8.14/10.0) (94.7/100) (9.8/10.0) Work Experience Web Tecnologies Using Django(APPSSDC) 8Weeks Interned at Andhra Pradesh State Skill Development Corporation, where I gained hands-on experience in web technologies using python. Worked on various projects involving python programming and web framework and url pattern matching, super user creation and mail sending concepts using django. Developed proficiency in web technologies utilizing HTML,CSS,BOOTSTRAP programs and python built in libraries that are supported to Django. Project1 Project2 Projects Dvevelopers Hub Using MERN Stack Link to APP Our MERN app at Developing Hub leverages JWT for secure authentication and MongoDB for efficient data storage. The application integrates these technologies seamlessly to manage user sessions and pro- tect sensitive data. This setup ensures a robust, scalable platform for delivering high-performance web solutions.This project ensures that will helps in project managements. Create an Operating System Link to source code I have created an Operating System with basic operation such as folder and file creation and power on and off etc.., I have used WSL system for concurrent running of two different operating systems for execution of programs and Assembly language (Emu8086) is used for interacting with registers and Bash script for control over execution of files and BOCHS Software. Student Management System with Multi-File system Link to source code I have done Multi File System and OOPS(object oriented program) is mostly used in this project and developed using c++ language.OOPs concept is used to provide more security and data cpasulation. Skills Technical Skills : C,C++,Python,Java and MYSQL,Django web technology and MERN fullstack devel- Soft Skills : opment Teamwork, Time Management, Problem-Solving, Adaptability.