Sameer Marathe +918928276733 | sameermarathe15@gmail.com | linkedin.com | github.com Education Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College B.Tech-IT Experiences Oasisinfobyte  Web developer Intern Remote Mumbai 2021-2025 2023  Created 3 web pages according to the task given Used HTML-CSS-Js for the webpages, added new functionality like for a temperature converter site added changing UI with response the temperature input. Projects Food Ordering Website | React,Recoil,Stripe,Firebase link  Experience seamless food delivery with our React-based website, powered by Stripe for secure transactions and Firebase for realtime updates.  Made this project in the group of 4 with the group leader role.  Added functionality to the website and connected it to the backend. Pictrend | NodeJs,ExpressJs,MongoDb link  Made the website to sharpen my backend skills- Used NodeJS for routing, multer JS for file upload,  MongoDb for storing the posts, passport-local  mongoose for Authentication, Uuid for unique name for each post ,Express Session , Connect-flash Online Meet Website with Chat Option | NodeJs,AgoraRTC,ExpressJS,HTML,CSS,Js,MongoDB link  Developed an Online Meet Website with integrated chat functionality to facilitate seamless communication during virtual meetings.  Designed and developed backend functionalities for user authentication, chat management, and real-time communication  Integrated AgoraRTC API to enable seamless audio and video streaming capabilities.  Ensured data integrity and security by implementing robust database management practices. Car Price Predictor | Python, Scikit-learn, XGBoost, Pandas link  Developed a machine learning model to predict used car prices using Python, Scikit-learn, and XGBoost.  Collaborated in a team of 4, taking on the role of group leader  Handled data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model training to enhance prediction accuracy  Implemented and evaluated various regression models to select the bestperforming one.  Utilized Pandas and NumPy for data manipulation and Matplotlib and Seaborn for data visualization. Achievement Participant in Smart India Hackathon  Qualified for the second Round Technical Skills Languages: Javasript,HTML,CSS,TypeScript,Python Framework: React,NodeJs,Tailwind,Express,MongoDB,Postgres,Recoil Developer Tools: Git,AWS,VsCode,Google Colab,Docker,Cloudflare,Prisma ORM