O BJE CT IVE -To build innovative web and mobile applications, utilizing my expertise in front-end back-end and development, to create exceptional user experiences and drive business growth. -I aim to contribute my technical proficiency, creativity, and problem- solving abilities to a dynamic team, where I can continue to enhance my skills while delivering cutting-edge client solutions expectations. exceed that VISMAY TANK SOFTWARE ENGINEER Driven Software Engineer with a passion for crafting dynamic web and applicat ion solutions. Proficient in a wide range of programming languages, frameworks, and technologies, I specialize in designing and developing robust, user -friendly software that meets both client and end-user needs. With a strong foundation in full-stack development and a keen eye for UI/UX design principles, I am dedicated to delivering high -quality, scalable software products that drive innovation and user engagement.------------------------------------------------------------------- CO N T A CT E XPE RIE N CE  Vismaytank08@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/vismay-tank  91+ 9324068269  Mumbai E DU CA T ION B.E. (IT) - 8.63 CGPA Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College. 2022  2025 Chembur, Mumbai Diploma (IT)  85.33 CGPA Shri Bhagubhai Mafatlal Polytechnic. 2019-2022 Vile Parle, Mumbai Secondary - 72% St. Xaviers High School. 2019 Kandivali, Mumbai S K IL L S  UI/UX design  Web Application Development  Android Application Development  Project management CHA T A PPL ICA T IO N DE VE LO PME N T INT E RN , FLU T T E R Jul 2021 - Sep 2021  3 mos  Designed and developed a real-time chat application using Flutter, resulting in a seamless and interactive messaging platform. Implemented user authentication, message encryption, and push notifications to enhance security and user engagement.   Conducted testing, debugging, and performance optimization to deliver a bug-free and responsive application. DIG IT A L MA RK ET IN G INT E RN ,E K RA FT Jul 2021 - Aug 2021  2 mos  Successfully completed a 2-month digital marketing internship, specializing in video content creation and editing.  Produced engaging video content that significantly improved online engagement and brand visibility.  Assumed a leadership role within the team, overseeing project coordination and ensuring deadlines were met