Vatan Prakash Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh (cid:211) +91-8851616836 vatanprakash867@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github LeetCode GeeksforGeeks EDUCATION Institute of Engineering and Technology, Lucknow Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) EXPERIENCE Cheffy INC SDE Intern 2020  2024 Uttar Pradesh, India April 2023  August 2023 Remote  Developed a versatile platform allowing users to seamlessly book rooms for personalized comfort, along integrating a dating feature that connects users with similar interests.  Designed and built the whole front-end part of the website, making it dynamic and easy to use, and ensuring it works well on different devices, improving the overall user experience.  Collaborated with UI/UX designers and backend developers to achieve seamless functionality.  Implemented advanced features using Next JS routing, hooks, coupled with Typescript and Tailwind CSS, to enhance functionality and design on the website. DBK INFRA Frontend Developer Oct 2023  Jan 2023 Remote  Designed and developed the entire frontend for DBK Infra, a construction company providing comprehensive services from construction and renovations to efficient project management.  Contributed to the companys commitment to excellence and ensured client satisfaction through a user-friendly and visually appealing website interface.  Developed an admin dashboard for DBK Infra using React.JS and Tailwind CSS, ensuring real-time capture and display of client inquiries, enhancing communication efficiency, and project management capabilities. PROJECTS Serving Ninjas | JavaScript, CSS, HTML, Next.JS, Tailwind CSS Dec-2023  Conceptualized and executed a startup idea at i.mobilothon 3.0 Volkswagen hackathon.  Crafted an intuitive service booking platform for urgent documents, care services, and medical agent booking with a user-friendly interface. Movie Website | React.JS, SCSS, Redux Toolkit Jan-2024  Developed a responsive movie website with React, integrating TMDB API for dynamic content and enhanced user experience with seamless interactions like infinite scrolling, genre selection, and dynamic search.  Utilized Redux with Dev-Tools for efficient state management and incorporated lazy loading for optimal performance, alongside features such as movie trailers and ratings for an enriched experience. URL Shortener | Node.JS, Express.JS, MongoDB May-2024  Developed a URL-Shortener website with user authentication, allowing registered users to shorten links, track their link statistics, and view visit counts, ensuring secure and personalized data access. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript Frameworks/Libraries React JS, Node JS, Express JS, MongoDB, Tailwind CSS Tools: Git, Github, VSCode, Heroku, Power BI Other: Data Structures and Algorithms, OOPS, DBMS, SQL ACHIEVEMENTS  Qualified in the top 141 out of 30,000 teams in the i.mobilothon 3.0 hackathon organized by Volkswagen.  Secured AIR 103 in Innerve Hacks organized by IGDTU on the Coding Ninjas platform.  Secured 1st place out of 600 competing teams in the finals of the Council of Science and Technology Uttar Pradesh (CSTUP) competition for our project on the Extraction of used lithium using environmentally sustainable solvents.  Secured 3rd rank in the Monologue competition held in EKANKI 2023 at IIM SAMBALPUR.