Susritha Voleti  Susritha | (cid:239) susritha | # sritha.voleti@gmail.com | H +91 8500549229 Work Experience Data Analyst Intern - APSSDC 06/2023 - 08/2023  Analyzed and cleaned datasets to improve data accuracy and reliability, enhancing the quality of insights.  Identified trends, correlations, and outliers through detailed statistical analysis, leading to actionable insights and Developed interactive Tableau dashboards to enable data-driven decision-making for stakeholders.  Technologies :-99Python, Tableau, NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn. Projects Cloud Powered Walmart Sales Insights Github  Developed and implemented a real-time data warehousing system for Walmart sales, optimizing inventory management and sales analysis through dynamic data visualization and in-depth reporting.  Engineered a robust ETL pipeline, automating data ingestion, processing, and storage, which enabled seamless integration and real-time analytics for high-traffic sales events like Black Friday.  Technologies :-99Python, BigQuery, Cloud Functions, GCP Pub/Sub, Google Looker Studio. E-Commerce Purchase Analysis Github  Analyzed and visualized 12 months of sales data across multiple cities using Python and Pandas, identifying key trends and patterns, including the best sales month and highest-performing products.  Developed custom data processing pipelines to clean, merge, and extract insights from large datasets, opti- mizing sales performance analysis for 2019.  Technologies :-99 Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn. Password Generator Github  Developed a responsive password generator using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, featuring customizable pass- word length, inclusion of special characters, and uppercase letters, with real-time password generation and user feedback.  Implemented clipboard copy functionality for ease of use and designed an intuitive user interface with acces- sibility features and error handling for secure password generation.  Technologies :-99HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Position of Responsibility.  Technical Lead - Student Developer Group Skills Big Data Development Tools Education Python, Hadoop, Shell Scripting, MongoDB, Pub/Sub, S3 Javascript, HTML, CSS, SQL, Git Tableau, Google Looker Java, C++, AWS, API Mar 2024 - Present B.Tech in Computer Science, Big Data Analytics SRM University, AP. CGPA: 7.88. Class 12th in BIEAP Sri Chaitanya Junior College Class 10th in CBSE Bhashyam Blooms Achievements Percentage : 89.7% Percentage : 77.2% 2021 - 2025 2019 - 2021 2018 - 2019  Earned NPTEL certification in Database Management System.  Progressed to Level 2 in the MachineKnight Season 02 Hackathon.  Successfully Coordinated and Executed a Major Tech Fest Event at the University.  Earned the AWS Cloud Practitioner badge for hands-on AWS services and cloud technologies.