ANKUSH KUMAR SHUKLA Software Engineer shuklaankush2003@gmail.com (cid:211) 9650979604 Greater Noida, India  Portfolio  LinkedIn (cid:135) Github EXPERIENCE Summer Intern - NODEJS Celebal Technologies (cid:17) June 2024 - August 2024 Noida,UP-India  Developed server-side applications using Node.js and Express.js, contributing to backend functionality and performance.  Designed and implemented RESTful APIs to facilitate smooth integration with front-end systems.  Managed and optimized MongoDB databases to ensure ecient data storage, retrieval, and overall system performance. PROJECTS Streamlit Multi-Disease Prediction App Technologies : Machine Learning, Scikit-Learn, Streamlit (cid:17) january 2024  february 2024 EDUCATION B.Tech-CSE(AI & ML) Noida Institute of Engineering College (cid:17) Nov 2021  July 2025 CGPA : 7.55 Class XII Uttarakhand Public School (cid:17) July 2021 Percentage : 93% Class X Uttarakhand Public School (cid:17) July 2019 Percentage : 83.6% SKILLS Python JavaScript  Developed a web application which predicts the common diseases: diabetes, heart disease, and breast cancer. Data Structures & Algorithms OOPS DBMS Operating System  Implemented and optimized machine learning algorithms to construct Computer Network NodeJS accurate and reliable predictive models for each disease.  Designed and deployed a user-friendly interface with Streamlit, enhancing user interaction through an intuitive and engaging experience. Github Streamlit License Plate Detection YOLOv8 Technologies : Neural Networks, Computer Vision, OpenCV (cid:17) March 2024  April 2024  Developed a web application for detecting the license plates of vehicles in images and videos, leveraging YOLOv8 for object detection.  Integrated Optical Character Recognition (OCR) to extract and process text from detected license plates.  Designed and implemented an interactive, user-friendly interface with Streamlit to enhance the eciency and usability of the detection and verication process. Github Payment Gateway System Technologies: Nodejs,Expressjs, HTML, CSS, PayPal-API (cid:17) June 2024  July 2024  Developed a payment gateway system using Nodejs, Expressjs and the PayPal API to facilitate smooth online transactions.  Deployed the application on Render to ensure scalability and reliability.  Designed and implemented a responsive, user-friendly interface using HTML and CSS to enhance the overall user experience. Github ExpressJS Machine Learning Github Problem Solving Team Collaboration Eective communication CERTIFICATION  Machine Learning - Coursera  Introduction to NoSQL Databases - Coursera  Python - Coursera  Data Structures - Udemy  JavaScript - Springboard PARTICIPATION  Actively participated in various coding competitions including CodeChef Long Challenge and honing my problem solving skills.  Attended various workshops and seminars on software development and best practices in software development to continuously update and expand technical knowledge.