Umesha T  +91 9880445491  umeshat24@gmail.com Objective I understand the dynamics of the IT industry and garner valuable and positive experience to help me excel in my career. I wish to obtain a position within my chosen field that will challenge and allow me to use my education, skills and experience in a way that is mutually beneficial to both me and my employer and allow future growth and advancement. Experience Vestian Global Workplace Services IT Department  Senior IT Engineer Key Responsibilities: Bengaluru, India  Responsible for networking, design, installation, and maintenance services.  Maintain the companys network infrastructure.  Managing Company IT Assets Inventory Like IT Softwares, Networking, Laptop, desktop and all hardware devices.  Installation and troubleshooting of corporate applications like Antivirus, office 365, One drive SharePoint, Auto Cad, Revit,3DS Max, Vary Photoshop Sketchup, Enscape, etc.  Understanding of corporate firewall, Sophos End point operations.  Configuration and testing of any new hardware and software.  Configure and maintain AV Systems (Crestron We present) and Windows Server.  Managing daily data backup and retrieval scheme.  TCP/IP networking, hardware maintenance and repair.  Employees Onboarding and Offboarding.  Training new employees with the necessary IT details.  Applying patches in accordance with company procedures.  Active participant in internal and external audits for the company ISO 9001, ISO 14001, and ISMS 27001. Working as network support engineer in Bell Teleservices India Pvt Ltd Bangalore from May-2016 to February -2017 Key Responsibilities: Support and Maintenance of FTTH system (Internet, Phone, DTH -through Fiber cable) Troubleshooting WIFI, GPON, Ethernet, routers. Maintenance of Server room Equipment GPON, OLT, IPPBX, Cisco Switch and routers. Escalation of the cases to the Next level (Fiber team, NOC Team) and execution of Fiber works. Worked as an Apprentice Trainee in Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Aircraft Division Bangalore under ministry of defense, Government of India. From Jan-2014 to Jan-2015. Worked as a Network Administrator in Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Facility Management Division Bangalore. From Apr-2015 to May-2016 Key Responsibilities:  Troubleshooting Malfunctions of Network hardware and software application  Configuration of routing and switching equipment (Cisco, D-Link, Extreme).  Setting up new Network and upgrading existing Networks.  Administered basics Windows 2008 Active Directory.  Installation and troubleshooting of corporate applications like Antivirus, Mail client, ERP client.  Basic understanding of corporate firewall operations.  Configuring and managing DSL router for LAN extension Networking solution Key Skills  Good Practical, Organizational & analytical skills. Dedication to work.  Ability to serve the people under all conditions to their satisfaction.  Ability to adapt to any working environments. Technical Skills Implementation and Managing VLANs and Inter VLAN communication.  Understanding OSI Models.  Computer, Laptop Hardware Troubleshooting.  LAN-WAN Troubleshooting.  Configuring Switches &Router.   Configuring Standard and Extended ACL.  Configuring Routing protocols RIP v1&v2, OSPF, EIGRP.   Network Passive Components, UTP/OFC Termination and Testing.   Managing Company IT Assets Inventory Like IT Softwares, Networking, Laptop, desktop and all Implementation, Support and Troubleshooting of Cisco Router and Switches. Installing and Configuring Windows Server O/S and client operating systems. hardware devices Certification & Education  CCNA (Routing & Switching) from CISCO Networking Academy Bangalore. Cisco ID isCSCO12772728.  N+ networking basics from IIHT Bangalore Course Diploma- computer science and Engineering. ITI- Electronics SSLC College SJEP Polytechnic Board/university Year of passing Aggregate marks DTE 2012 69% Janna gang institute 1. NCVT Gandhi high school KSEEB 2007 2004 69% 61.27% Languages English, Hindi, Kannada NOTE: I bring to the table a strong commitment to the success of the team and the organization.