Priyanshu Baliyan CS(AI/ML) Engineer priyanshupurbaliyan@gmail.com +917037334400 Delhi https://www.linkedin.com/in/priyanshu-baliyan-881619228/ PROFILE I am pursuing B.Tech and I have a strong foundation in various algorithms, including supervised and unsupervised learning, . I possess experience in problem solving skills . Additionally, my excellent analytical skills, attention to detail, and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment enable me to thrive in dynamic and fast-paced work environments. I am excited to contribute to the field of Computer Science and Engineering and to drive positive change through the application of cutting-edge technologies and techniques. Aug 2021  Aug 2025 Jaipur,India Aug 2021 Muzaffarnagar Jul 2019 Muzaffarnagar EDUCATION BTech in Computer Science(AIML), Manipal University Jaipur  Achieved a CGPA of 9.03 till 6th semester .  Organised a Ideathon with E-CELL .  Dean list award for highest grade point (4th sem ,5th sem) 12 DAV Public School Course  PCM Percentage - 95 10 DAV Public School Percentage  95.6  RDBMS(Database management)  C++ (Programming and Data Structure & Algorithm) SKILLS  C (programming)  Python  Object oriented programming  Critical thinking and Problem Solving  Web development Priyanshu 1 / 2 Next Door Nov 202 PROJECTS The objective of the project was to build a website for college/University students to exchange/buy/sell preowned things such as books , PC , phones, etc. It is a user-friendly web development project with technologies (HTML , CSS, JavaScript) . Festival Sales Analysis The objective of this project is to analyze the sales of a festival . on the basis of Different attributes like age, states , gender etc. Hand gesture control It is a computer vision based project which can help to control the pc with the help Of Tracking the fingers of the hand. CERTIFICATES  SWAYAM NPTEL (Desing and analysis of algorithms)  CISCO (Switching, Routing)  Basic of Operating System   Fundamentals of Artificial Intelligence Introduction to Psychology INTERESTS Technology and hardware (Passionate about exploring the latest technological advancements and hardware innovations.) Bodybuilding (Maintains a regular fitness routine through bodybuilding and emphasizing discipline and dedication to personal health and wellness.) Football ( Football is a way to keep me healthy & fit and help me to enhance the team spirit ) Planting trees Priyanshu 2 / 2