Name & Designation: Preetham  Manager-HR Email: Preetham.jog@gmail.com Mobile: +91 9945965394 Currently working in Switchgear and Control Technics Pvt Ltd, Bommasandra, Bangalore HR Manager  July 2023 to till date Responsibilities: 1. Contract Labour Management 2. Payroll Management 3. Time & Office Management 4. Grievance Management 5. Canteen Management 6. Security Management 7. Compliance and Statutory Management 8. Implementation of Policies and Procedures One Life Home Health Care HR BP- November 2022- July 2023 Responsibilities: Recruitment of Nurses Job portal used: Naukri, Job Hai, Apna APP. OVUM Hospital, Hoskote as Assistant Manager HR Since 3rd March 2022 to October 2022. Responsibilities as Unit HR 1. Recruitment Management Recruitment of Clinical and Non Clinical staffs as per Budget plan through the Job Portals and Reference. Releasing Offer Letters. Arrangement of Locum Consultant doctors whenever it required. 2. On Boarding activities Document verification, maintaining of employee personal files and new joiners induction training. 3. Time Office Management Maintenance of employees and doctors attendance and Leaves. 4. Providing Payroll Input to the corporates on monthly basis. 5. Statutory : ESI & PF Registration, PF Withdrawals & Transfers. HR Manager Ideal Services, Contract Manpower Service Company from 19/10/2020 to 09/10/2021 Payroll Management Managing payroll of 1,000 contract employees in the firms like Hotels and Manufacturing industries.  Processing Contract staff salaries as per the attendance provided by clients.  Calculation of Bonus yearly basis and monthly basis.  Registration of PF and ESI.  Payment of ESI and PF on monthly basis.  Resolving if any issues in ESI and PF.  Assisting for PF Withdrawals, Advances and PF Death claims.  Assisting for ESI Leaves.  Documents preparation and attending HR Audits in the client location.  Applying and renewal for Labor contract license. HR Executive Chinmaya Mission Hospital, Bangalore from 23/09/2019 to 15/10/2020. Time Office Management Calculation of attendance through Biometric software, marking absents, generating late coming and issuing memos for late coming as per the policy and updating Leaves in the software. Payroll Management Payments: Salary, Annual Bonus gift, Arrears, Public Holiday payments, overtime payments, loan on security deposit, festival advance, security deposit refunds, EL and SL encashment. Deductions: PF, ESI, PT, LIC policy, Hostel rents, recovery of Festival advance and security deposit, LOPs and other deductions. Background verification: Conducting background verification of new joinees and verifying their experience letters pay slips, nature of work from previous employment. Employee relations Handling employee queries related to Salary, leaves, attendance, and deductions and polices of Hospital for smooth working. HR Executive HOSMAT Multi Specialty Hospital, Bangalore from 10/09/2018 to 22/09/2019 Recruitment Management: Recruitment through the Job portals, Walk in, News paper advertisement, internal and external referrals. Positions hiring: Consultants, Nurses, Technicians, Managers, Lecturers, Marketing and clerical staffs. Time Office Management: Calculation of Attendance, Punch in and out, Extra hours, comp off, weekly off, day off, late coming and early going and movements. Payroll Management: Processing payroll, Deductions, LOPs, PF and ESI. Payment of PF and ESI. General activities: Maintaining files and documents of new joiners as per NABH checklist. Conducting training, Induction program for new joiners. Sending offer letters, appointment letters, relieving and experience letters. HR & Admin Executive MPP Technologies Private limited, Tumkur from 05/08/2016 To 09/05/2018  Recruitment through walk in, Induction training.  Attendance process, over time calculation, Leave updates maintaining of Muster roll and daily punching updates.  Responsible for ESI cards, Bonus returns, P.F. Payments and ESI payments.  Submission of Annual returns and quarterly returns to concern Labour department.  Responsible for permanent employees and contract employees salary  process.  Responsible for processing of monthly incentives, Attendance bonus coordination with departmental heads.  Ensuring Safety of employees, ensuring on time uniform and safety shoes.  Ensuring good housekeeping in and around factory premises. HR Executive Kanachur Institute of Medical Sciences, Mangalore from 02/10/2014 TO 04/08/2016.  Recruitment Management:  Involved in overall recruitment and sourcing process within organization.  The recruitment of candidates at the basis of Medical Council of India.  Recruitment of Doctors, Staff nurses and Paramedical staffs.  Identifying potential sources for recruitment like Newspapers, Employee referrals, Job portals, walk in.  Hiring quality people within time and possible time cost.  Responsible for scheduling interviews, Telephonic interviews, follow ups, reference checks, salary negotiations and making offers to prospective candidates.  Verify credentials and conduct initial round of interviews.  HR General activities.  Induction and joining formalities for all the new joiners.  Update of staffs data in the system.  Payroll management, processing to accounts department.  Time office management: Taking care of day today punching updates, Leave pupation, compensatory off and late coming.  Preparing and issuing appointment letters, relieving orders and experience letters.  Maintaining staff data base.  Coordination with management team. EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION DEGREE EXAMINATIO N P.G. Diploma in counselling. UNIVERSITY INSTITUTE YEAR PERCENTAG E / BOARD Autonomous of School social work RoshniNilaya, Mangalore. 2014 56.67% MSW (HR) Mangalore University Karavali Mangalore College, 2011 63.9% B.A PUC SSLC Mangalore University St. Alloysius college, Mangalore. 2009 49.02% Pre-University Board. P.U. Padua College, Mangalore. 2006 58.5% Karnataka secondary education. Padua school, Mangalore. High 2004 42.88% Personal information Name: Preetham Father name: ShivaramaJogi Date of Birth: 27/11/1987 Marital status: Married Nationality: India Languages known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Tulu. Present Address: Bommasandra, Bengaluru Rural Permanent address: Shakthinagar, Mangalore, Dakshinakannada, Karnataka. DECLARATION: I hereby declare that the above information presented above is true to best of my knowledge. Yours sincerely PREETHAM