RAJESH JADON MARKETING Contact Profile Summary Rajeshjadon006@gmail.com +91 9719614564 https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajesh- jadon-457386310/ Pursuing MBA in marketing and operations at Galgotias University. My studies have given me a detailed understanding of Marketing and operations management and their application through practical marketing skills. Looking to apply my skills towards applying efficient technology and management skills and drawing actionable insights for driving ROI at XYZ Businesses. Academic Details o Bachelor of Science (B.sc) Computer science Dr. BhimRao Ambedkar University, Agra o Master in Business administration(M.B.A) Marketing & operations Galgotias university, Noida Soft Skills Commnication | Multi-Tasking | Observation | Adaptability Core Competencies Project Management Leadership Time management Problem solving skills Business management Critical and Structured thinking Work Experience Sales Executive Trainee MK LIDE AUTOCLUTH PVT LTD, AGRA June 2022  JAN2023 Responsibilities: o Distributor Management: Regularly visiting town to meet with distributors. Establishing and maintaining strong relationships with distributors. o Order Acquisition: Asking orders from local stores and ensuring timely delivery. Tracking sales orders and ensuring accuracy in order fulfillment. o Product Feedback: Collecting and analyzing feedback from local stores regarding product performance. Reporting insights and suggestions for improvement to the relevant departments. Achievements: o Distributor Relationship Building: Developed and maintained strong relationships with distributors, ensuring smooth operations and effective collaboration. o Customer Trust Enhancement: Successfully increased customer trust and belief in our products through effective communication and reliable service. Internship at EDUKON DIGITAL Designation- Sales and marketing, NOIDA Responsibilities: o Conducted market research to identify target audiences for digital marketing courses. o Developed and implemented marketing strategies to promote digital courses. o Managed social media accounts and created engaging content to attract potential customers. o Analyzed marketing campaign performance and provided insights for improvement. o Assisted in creating and executing email marketing campaigns. o Collaborated with the sales team to generate leads and convert them into customers.Product Presentation. Personal Details Academic Projects Date of Birth: 14-NOV-2002 Languages Known: English and Hindi Address: Agra, Uttar pradesh.  Analyze the organization behaviour in Maruti Suzuki pvt Ltd.  Enviroment protection and sustainable practices in automotive industry. IMPACT OF INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (IFRS) ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   MONOPOLISTIC COMPETITION IN THE CLOTHING INDUSTRY (ZARA)