 divya20032004 | (cid:239) Divyambica-Vasa | # divyambicassp@gmail.com | H +91 6300410274 Vasa Divyambica Satya Siva Parvathi Work Experience Bharat Intern July - Aug 2023 (Remote)  Developed a Netflix homepage clone with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Design a responsive layout featuring a dynamic carousel for featured content and categorized movie sections. Incorporate interactive elements for an engaging user experience. Developed a temperature converter using HTML,CSS,JavaScript.Provide input fields for Celsius and Fahren- heit, and dynamically display converted values. Implement a clean and user-friendly design for a straight- forward temperature conversion tool. Projects Temperature convertor Developed a user-friendly web application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to convert temperatures between Fahrenheit and Celsius. The project emphasizes the ability to work with user inputs and perform accurate calculations. Portfolio Website Developed a dynamic and responsive personal portfolio website using ReactJS to showcase my projects, skills, and contact information. The website is designed to be a dynamic and interactive platform, providing visitors with an engaging user experience while effectively highlighting personal achievements and capabilities. E-Commerce Developed and maintained a fully functional e-commerce platform using MERN stack with features including user authentication, product management, shopping cart, and payment processing. Implemented RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express.js for seamless backend functionality and integration with a MongoDB database for data storage. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech (CSE) at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th BIEAP at Sasi Junior College, Tanuku 2019 Class 10th SSC AP at Sri Chaitanya School, Palakol (GPA: 8.51/10.0) (Marks: 960/1000) (GPA: 9.8/10) Skills Programming Languages: C, C++, Python,Java, JavaScript. Database: MYSQL, MongoDB. Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Mongoose. Tools: Git, Github. Relevent Courses  Data Structures and Algo- rithms  Database Management  Software Engineering  Operating System  Computer Networking EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Top 2% in Database management System in NPTEL Exam (Elite+Silver).  Machine Learning