Kunal Budhiraja Mobile- +91-9650430644 - kunalbudhiraja1981@gmail.com, kunal.budhiraja07@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunalbudhiraja/ Objective Seeking opportunity across globe to take up challenging assignments in reputed organizations. To explore the new areas and work in a dynamic stable organization. Current Key Competencies  MIS Management  Operations Management  New Client On-boarding  Team Management  Analytical Skills 1. Professional Experience with Mimo Technologies Pvt Ltd. Currently working with Mimo Technologies Pvt Ltd. as Operations Head from 02 Dec2019 Key Responsibilities Pan India Operation Management Strategic Team Member    Client Relationship Management  On-boarding New Clients (Price Negotiation, Agreement/NDA signed off process, Smart Form Configuration, Handover  sales to operations)  New Employees on-boarding (Profile scrutinizing, interview schedule, negotiation in Salary)  Complete exit process & KT of employees  Technical Support to team members  Team Management  Demonstrate & Train new clients on Portal 2. Professional Experience with IQAG (Independent Qualitative Assessors Guild) Pvt Ltd. Worked with Independent Qualitative Assessors Gilde (IQAG) Pvt Ltd. as Senior Manager - Business Development from 14th September18 to 30th November 2019 Key Responsibilities Liaising with Govt. departments like Ministries, SSCs, State Missions, NSDC etc.   Managing existing business and fetching new assessment business from Ministries, SSCs, State Missions, NSDC etc.    Managing Operations team  Handling branch & day to activities Proposal/EOI/RFP writing, filing and presentation. Follow ups with SSCs for invoices, bills, and payments. 3. Professional Experience with Safeducate  Head  Quality & MIS from June16 to Sept18  Project Manager for PMKK, PMKVY 1.0 & 2.0, RPL, HSDM & MANAS from Oct17 to April18.  Learning & Development (Govt. Vertical) from May 2018 to Sept. 2018 Key Responsibilities (Head  Learning & Development  Govt. Vertical)  Managing end to end L&D department for Govt. Vertical  Responsible for conducting online sessions for trainees under DDUGKY project  Responsible for planning and conducting internal TOT for all the trainers  Responsible for planning and conducting external TOT for all the trainers  Responsible for designing and developing for training content as per level  Responsible for end-to-end assessment for Govt. Vertical  Responsible for trainer development Key Responsibilities (Project Manager)  Managing PMKVY 1.0 & PMKVY 2.0 Project  Managing end to end PMKVY 1.0 & 2.0 SDMS portal  Managing RPL scheme under PMKVY 2.0 project  Managing end to end RPL PIA & SDMS portal  Managing end to end HSDM state level project  Managing end to end MANAS Project for minority community  Proposal writing for PMKK, UKSDM & PMKVY (Uttar Pradesh) Key Responsibilities (Head  Quality & MIS)  Managing the NSDC account for the organization  Managing end to end SDMS portal of NSDC.  Align the QP of Logistics upload on SDMS portal.  Lead the internal audit for the organization.  Designed and develop the key audit documents for Fee based centres, Govt. Projects, Corporate Trainings & Trainers and management institutions.  Manage the quality of the centres through conducting different audits.  Handling & manage Internal MIS & Dashboard  Managing the entire data of Safeducate Achievements  Successfully achieved the NSDC target 200% for the FY 2017-18  Successfully upload the non QP based Logistics courses on SDMS portal  Successfully designed internal MIS dashboard  Successfully designed and developed the audit parameters for different verticals and different projects  Successfully conducts more than 30 audits for the Retail, Skill, Institutional & Corporate centres PAN India  Successfully initiate the RPL scheme under PMKVY project  Successfully initiate the PMKVY 2.0 project  Successfully achieved the 100% target for RPL.  Successfully completed the MANAS and HSDM project.  Successfully runs the level # 1 ToT pan India for all trainers.  Successfully conducted more than 50 online sessions for DDUGKY locations PAN India 4. Professional Experience with Darcl (Delhi Assam Roadways Corporation Ltd.) Logistics Ltd. Worked with Darcl Logistics Ltd. as Assistant Manager - Training & Operations from Feb14 till May16. Key Responsibilities  Conduct Induction Training program for newly joined workforce.  Conduct onsite & online operations & statuary regulatory training for loading supervisor, traffic-in-charge & branch manager's working at branches.  Conduct on-line training for loading supervisor working in branches.  Design & conduct statuary regulatory training program for external transport companies like: K.M. Translogistics, Siddhivinayak Transport, NECC (North East Carrying Corporation), SECC (South East Carrying Corporation), ADANI Logistics etc.  Research, Designed & Conduct Branch Manager Trainings PAN India.  Design & Execute TNA for Traffic In-charge, Computer Operator, Cashier, loading supervisor & branch managers working in branches.  Research & upgrade content of 'basics of transportation & logistics' one month course of Darcl Parable.  Plan for designing motivational training programs for existing employees.  Research & Developed RSLDC COL courses for our Parable unit. Additional Responsibilities  Work as an operation head for the department.  Work as an important editorial team member for in house General (Name: Darcl Connect).  Assist AGM & Director in implementing a strategy of the department.  Responsible for handling the existing training centre of the company situated in Rajasthan and Haryana.  Responsible for searching new centres for the company.  Handling a team of 15-20 employees (executives to Assistant Manager) working in training centres and corporate.  Responsible for managing the quality of the centres and franchisees.  Responsible for handling the accounting for existing centres.  Responsible for content development and updation of the existing content related to course.  Responsible for fulfilling the skill development tender/project in state and central level.  Responsible for day-to-day operation of the centres. Achievements  Successfully publish five quarterly general for Darcl Connect  Successfully design Branch Manager Training Program & upload on LMS.  Successfully design TNA for Branch Managers, Traffic-in-Charge, Computer Operators, Cashier and Loading Supervisor.  Successfully develop the content for RSLDC & DIT Logistics courses  Successfully conducted Branch Management & State Regulatory Trainings PAN India 5. Professional Experience with Safexpress Worked with Safexpress Pvt Ltd. as a Senior Trainer from Feb11 till Jan14. Key Responsibilities  Conduct Induction Training program for newly joined workforce.  Conduct Certified Loading Expert Training program for operation assistants working at hubs.  Conduct Material Handling Training program for 3PL employees working in warehouses.  Research & design content of 3PL Trainings PAN India.  Research & design content of VMI Training Program  Plan & execute 3PL Rakshak Training program of 3PL employees PAN India.  Plan & organize Post Training Evaluation of 3PL employees working in warehouses.  Plan & execute VMI training program of VMI employees working in hubs.  Handling one external project relating to warehousing  Plan for creating an external training program (Name: - CWE) for intermediate & undergraduates in warehousing.  Lead & conduct practical training program for CLEx Achievements  Successfully trained more than 550 delivery boys at G-8 (Great-8) locations with Delivery on Time Training Program.  Successfully trained more than 25 newly joined with Your First Step Induction Training Program.  Successfully trained more than 150 newly joined operation assistant with Aapka Pehla Kadam Training Program.  Successfully trained more than 250 operation assistants with Certified Loading Expert Training Program.  Successfully trained more than 250 loaders with Safexpress Faujis Training Program.  Customized 3PL Rakshak training program for 20 different 3PL accounts with 500 3PL employees (all accounts have different processes for customization). 6. Professional Experience with Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) Worked with LIC as a Bancassurance Executive from Jan08 till Jan11. Key Responsibilities  Selling and marketing of all Life Insurance products to different customer by getting the leads & self-generation from the Nationalized Banks (like: Allahabad Bank, Bank of Maharashtra, Central bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Uco Bank, Dena Bank and India Overseas Bank).  Responsible for customer satisfaction.  To provide product training to Branch Staff. Achievements  Worked hard and increase the sales of the company in highly competitive market by developing cordial relationship with the customer.  Promoted as Financial Services Executive.  Developing good customer relationship.  Developing good relationship with Branch staff. 7. Professional Experience with Axis Bank (Formerly UTI Bank) Worked with Axis Bank as a Business Development Executive from Aug06 till Dec07. Key Responsibilities  Selling and marketing of all bank products (like: CASA, Life Insurance, Mutual Funds, Demat & on-line trading A/Cs, FDs, Lockers and Gold etc.) through direct marketing.  Work as service executive & complete all the financial needs of customer.  Responsible for customer satisfaction. Achievements  Increase the business of the company in highly competitive market by developing cordial relationship with the customer & branch staff.  Promoted as Business Development Executive.  Developing good customer relationship.  Developing good relationship with Branch staff. Education  MBA (Regular) in year 2006 from HNB Garhwal University, Srinagar Uttarakhand in marketing (major) & finance (minor) stream  M.Com (Distance Learning) in year 2004 from CCS University, Meerut  B. Com (Regular) in year 2002 from CCS University, Meerut  12th from Commerce Stream in 1999  10th in 1997 IT Education  Proficient with the use of Windows, MS Office, Internet, JAVA & E-Commerce. Personal Dossier Fathers Name Date of birth Marital status Permanent address : : : : Date: Place: Mr. Yashpal Budhiraja 07th of September 1981 Married Flat No.-1102, Tower -12, Gulmohar Garden, Raj Nagar Extension, Ghaziabad - 201017 (Kunal Budhiraja)