Chaitra Choudhary 7702938853 | chaitrachoudhary2@gmail.com | Hyderabad, Telangana P R O F E S S I O N A L S U M M A R Y Dynamic and result-oriented HR Operations Specialist with 2 years of experience in overseeing and optimizing HR processes. Proven track record of managing diverse responsibilities including F&F settlement, payroll assistance, vendor management, attendance tracking, HR database management, onboarding and employee relations. K E Y S K I L L S HR Operations Onboarding & Offboarding HR Policies & Procedures Ms-Excel and Ms-Word HR Administration Attendance and Leave Management Payroll Coordination Employee Relations & Communication Statutory Compliance & Legal Employee Orientation Vendor Management HRIS & HRMS Joining Formalities Exit Formalities Detail-Oriented E D U C A T I O N Master of Business Administration - HR 2020 - 2022 Bachelor of Commerce - Computer Applications 2017 - 2020 L A N G U A G E S English - Fluent Hindi - Fluent Telugu - Fluent Kannada - Beginner P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E Next Education India Pvt Ltd. (Hyderabad) HR Executive Onboarding & Induction: Jun 2022 - Jun 2024 Facilitating seamless onboarding processes for new hires by completing all paperwork and documentations. Conducting induction sessions to introduce HR policies, company culture, procedures, and expectations. Performing background checks on new hires. HR Database Management & Employee Support: Maintaining accurate and up-to-date employee records by ensuring precise data entries in HRIS systems. Monitor and respond to change requests from employees regarding their personal information. Serve as the primary point of contact for HR-related inquiries from employees and managers, resolving concerns efficiently using the HR Ticketing System. Payroll Support: Assisting in the payroll process by ensuring accurate data entry, timely processing of employee salaries and reconciliation of payroll data across all records. Maintaining records of all payroll transactions and updating it as and when required in the HRMS systems. Ensuring compliance with statutory regulations by monitoring changes in labour laws and updating payroll practices accordingly. Full and Final Settlement (F&F)/Offboarding: Managing the end-to-end Full and Final Settlement (F&F) process. Conducting exit interviews to gather feedback from departing employees for implementing HR strategies and ensuring all necessary exit formalities are completed. Preparing the inputs by calculating the employees final salary up to the last working day. Updating the F&F Dashboard and HR databases to reflect the employees separation from the organization. Ensuring the final payment is processed within the Turn-Around Time (TAT) by coordinating with the Finance team. Responding to ex-employee background verifications (BGVs). Employee Benefits: Assisting with the administration of employee benefits programs, including enrollment, changes, and terminations, ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. HR Reports: Generating and preparing customized reports on various HR metrics, such as employee turnover, attendance and leaves, and new joiners headcount on a weekly basis to the management for internal audits. Assisting the payroll team in preparing the variance reports. Other HR Responsibilities: Preparing and adhering to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to ensure high-quality and consistent service delivery across all HR functions. Maintaining strict confidentiality of all HR processes and employee data, participating in regular audits to ensure adherence to protocols and SLAs. Monitoring employee probation and confirmation periods and updating changes in the HR databases accordingly. Tracking contract end dates for employees and extending/renewing contracts based on requirements. Participating in HR projects and perform other duties as assigned to support overall HR functions. Cognizant (Hyderabad) Process Data Executive Apr 2021 - Dec 2021 Responsible to understand and address the customer query escalations. Maintained and curated POI data up to date in the maps accurately after verifying the details from various sources available. Reviewed and processed image content according to the provided guidelines, approving or rejecting it as appropriate and labelling it.