Gavini Sai Dhanush  Github |  LinkedIn | # dhanushsai394@gmail.com | H Contact: 9392816482 Profile As a student skilled in programming and software development, I manage my time well and adapt quickly. I enjoy solving problems and have a strong desire to learn. My patience and work ethic, along with strong communication skills, help me collaborate effectively with teams and clients. I am dedicated to high-quality work, always seeking new challenges and going the extra mile to ensure project success. My proactive approach and attention to detail further enhance my results. Work Experience OASIS INFOBYTE: Web development Sep 2023 - Oct 2023 Participated in a one-month virtual internship as a Web Developer, gaining hands- on experience in web development and enhancing skills in programming and design. Code Clause: Python Development Intern Completed a one-month virtual internship as a Python Developer, gaining practical experience in software development and Python programming. Aug 2023 - Sep 2023 Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Research Internship: Complex Networks Started working on complex networks and aiming to find the best solutions for newly proposed centralities. Research Work: Indian Food Classification and Detection Sep 2023 Dec 2023 Implemented a machine learning model for the classification and detection of Indian food items. Projects 1) To Do List (Html, Css, Js)  Developed a web-based To-Do List application to manage tasks efficiently.  Allows users to create, update, and delete tasks, providing a clear overview of their tasks.  Developed an intuitive and user-friendly design for efficient task management. 2)Recipe Finder(Html,Css,Js,MealDBApi)  Developed a web-based application to help users find recipes based on available ingredients.  Displayed detailed recipe information, including cooking instructions and tutorial videos.  Displays a list of meals matching the search criteria with images and names.  3)Car Parking System (SE)  Real-time Vehicle Tracking  Admin and User Modules  Data Management and Reporting  Efficient Resource Utilization 4)Machine Learning-based Disease Diagnosis System (ML)  Developed a system for disease diagnosis using machine learning algorithms to analyze symptoms and provide automated predictions.  Combined various algorithms to enhance predictive accuracy.  Automated Disease Diagnosis Education 2021-2025 B.Tech (Present) at SRM University, Vijayawada (CGPA: 8.1) 2019-2021 Class 12th at Sri Chaitanya College, Vijayawada (Grade:89.5) 2018-2019 Class 10th at DR.KKR Gowtham School, Tenali (Grade:9.7) Skills Programming Languages : C , C++ , Data Structures and Algorithms , Python Software Tools : Html , Css , Js , Sql , React Js,Node.Js,Git,Ms excel,Matplotlib Others:AI&ML,Cloud Computing Certifications: Service now,C^2 Hackathon,Apssdc,Salesforce