HRITIK SHARMA 8630528874  Ghaziabad, India GMAIL  Linkedin  Portfolio EDUCATION Bachelors Of Technology, KIET Group of Institutions,Abdul Kalam Technical University Computer Science SGPA - 8.3 Intermediate, Delhi Public School Percentage - 92.6 Matriculate, Nirmala Convent School Percentage - 96.5 Expected 2025 EXPERIENCE Problem Setter [VCriate]  Designed and Developed Complex Algorithms: Created challenging algorithmic problems that required advanced knowledge in data structures, algorithms, and computational theory.  Authored Comprehensive Problem Statements: Wrote clear and concise problem statements that effectively com- municated the requirements and constraints of each problem  Collaborated with Development Teams: Worked closely with developers and other problem setters to ensure prob- lems are well-structured, logically coherent, and solvable within constraints. PROJECTS PARKING REGISTRATION AUTOMATION Link  Deployed a face detection model using open-cv for automated recognition of driving license with accuracy of 90.  Designed a responsive webapp for parking registration process integrating ML models on the web.  Generates an easily downloadable real time entry receipt within a time span of 5 sec,with a user friendly interface.  Tech-Stack: Python, Flask, open-cv, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MYSQL, Bootstrap MEDICARE Link  Created a webapp providing 4 different services altogether from the medical sector at a single stop.  Implemented services for ambulance tracking, disease detection, saving an average of 15 minutes per emergency.  Achieves disease detection of 4 major diseases with an accuracy of 92 using various machine learning algorithms.  Tech-Stack: Python, Flask, Machine Learning, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap GITLAB Link  Outlined a webapp for accessing information from over 1000 public GitHub repositories within a fraction of time.  Integrated GitHub REST API, providing faster retrieval and access to 5 different categories of information regarding the repository.  Tech-Stack: Python, Flask, RESTAPI, HTML, CSS SKILLS Languages Web Tools Developer Tools C++, C, Python, Javascript, SQL HTML, CSS, ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, Flask, Beautiful-Soup Git, VSCode ACHIEVEMENTS  Qualified GATE 2024.  Attained a global rank of 421 in TCS Code-Vita 2023.  Achieved a rating of 1895 on Code-chef globally. Codechef  Solved 1000+ data structure and algorithms-based questions across various platforms.Leetcode