P Urmila  username | (cid:239) username | # urmilapedhakavali@gmail.com | 8712104633 | Work Experience Rinex Technology(Machine Learning Engineer) Jul 2023-Aug 2023 Developed a laptop price prediction project using ML. It shows how we can predict the laptop price using machine learning algorithm. This was done by using a huge data set. Analyzed the data set and implemented the project. Research Internship(Fracture Model) Jun 2023 - Jul 2023 Researched new technologies and trends in the industry, resulting in improved processes and new ideas. The Fracture Modelling module can use deformation calculated at incremental time-steps as proxies to model evolution of the fracture system and its properties through time Projects Plant Disease Diagnosis Plant Disease Diagnosis is done using CNN deep learning model for image recognition and developed a web application to make it available for everyone and used flask framework. The aim of this project is to create an automated system that leverages computer vision techniques to recognise plant diseases from photographs taken using mobile or other devices. Airline Reservation in java Designed a comprehensive GUI application for airplane reservations using Java, featuring numerous func- tionalities. The system is integrated with an SQL database for backend support. Ecommerce Website(Frontend) Created a highly effective responsive web application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The frontend showcases products with high-quality images, detailed descriptions, and user-friendly filters and sorting options. This ensures an engaging and seamless user experience across all devices. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th at Narayana Jr college 2019 Class 10th at Brahmarshi Primary High School ( CGPA:7.38) (Per:91) (CGPA:9.8) Skills 1) Python Programming 2) Java Programming 3) Object oriented Programming 4) Data Structures and Algorithms 5) Frontend 6) Machine Learning 7) Communication skills 8) MY SQL Certifications 1) Google Foundations of Cybersecurity (Coursera) 2) Servicenow Micro Certification (Trailhead)