Shrishti Gauhan shrishtigauhan@gmail.com | +91 7037622696 https://www.linkedin.com/in/shrishti-gauhan-0755352b3/ | https://github.com/Shrishtigauhan Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Btech in Computer Science(AI)  CGPA: 7.3  Coursework: Data Structure , Cryptography , Analysis of Algorithms, Machine Learning , Web Development , 2021-2025 Software Engineering skills and Technologies Languages: python,HTML,CSS,SQL,MongoDB,C(basic), Java(Basic). Domain: Generative AI , Blockchain, Data Analysis , Database Management , Advance Java , Machine Learning. Frameworks: Flask, Node.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript,SQL workbench, VScode, Excel,Power BI,Tablue. Platform: Window , Arduino , Web 3.0. Soft Skill: Strategist, Leadership , Decision-making. Projects Coffee Shop Sales Dashboard  Created a dashboard where you can check for the monthly sales and also look for profits and Footfalls of the github.com/coffee-shop-sales coffee shop with the help of bar charts and graphs.  By using Tools like Excel, Powerpivot Pharmacy System  Created an organized digital platform for monitoring medicine inventory and sales that supports over 50 pharmacy locations; enhanced reporting capabilities reduced manual entry time by 25 hours weekly, increasing team productivity. KPIs and Data Quality Analysis  Designed and implemented an interactive sales dashboard that visualizes monthly sales, profit margins, and foot traffic metrics using bar charts and graphs; enabled data-driven decisions that improved sales forecasting accuracy by 25 Honors And Rewards  Published a comprehensive study on Blockchain technology, detailing its applications and implications in various sectors; findings have been cited in 15+ academic papers and presented at three major industry events.  Participated as a team lead and developed a predictive model for crop yields using Python and scikit-learn.  Led a team of 15 volunteers to plan and manage the colleges annual technical fest, preparing engaging workshops and competitions that enhanced student participation by 40 percentage and increased overall event satisfaction rates.  Published Research paper of a machine learning model to predict crop yields using historical climate and soil data, achieving 90 percentage accuracy. Certifications And Awards  Full Stack Development issued by Board Infinity  Data Analysis with Pandas and Python - Infosys Springboard  Foundations: Data, Data, Everywhere in Google by Coursera  Power BI of Accenture Forage  Data Analytics and Visualization issued by Accenture Forage  Microsoft AI skills challenge.