Thirupathamma Darawathu  thiru2981 | (cid:239) Thirupathamma Darawathu | # darawathuthirupathamma@gmail.com | H +91 9392381615 Summary As a recent BTech graduate with a strong passion for innovative technology, I bring a blend of academic excellence and practical project experience. My academic journey has been complemented by hands- on learning, particularly in the realm of emerging technologies. Eager to embrace new challenges, I am committed to excellence and driven by a relentless pursuit of knowledge to contribute to driving innovation forward Work Experience Intern On Data Analysis Using Python May 2023 - Aug 2023 Participated in a virtual internship program offered by APSSDC specializing in Data Analysis.Completed a hands-on project that enhanced skills in data manipulation, visualization, and problem-solving. This inaugural experience has laid a solid groundwork for my future career aspirations. Research Work On Healthcare System, SRM University AP Aug 2023 - Dec 2023 Using Machine Learning algorithms for training, Federated Learning and Blockchain. In the healthcare industry, maintaining the privacy and security of sensitive patient data is of utmost importance. Blockchain technology, with its decentralized and immutable nature, offers a promising solution to address these concerns. By storing healthcare data on a blockchain, it becomes tamper-proof and transparent, ensuring that only authorized individuals can access and modify it. Projects Hostel Management System Developed a comprehensive Hostel management system using C++, which aims to manage hostel accom- modations for students more efficiently by automating the registration and allocation of hostel rooms. and automated billing functionalities. This project showcased proficiency in object-oriented programming. Video Conferencing Website Developed a real-time video conferencing application using modern technologies such as React.js, Next.js, and GetStream.io. Implemented features for seamless video communication, and secure user authentica- tion using Clerk. Weather Forecasting Its primary objective is to create and apply machine learning models that are specifically suited to different areas of weather forecasting, such as medium- and long-range predictions, long-term climate projections, and short-term nowcasting. Our machine learning models seek to identify complex patterns and correla- tions in the atmosphere to enable more accurate and timely forecasts. They do this by utilizing historical weather data, satellite imagery, radar observations, and atmospheric model outputs. Education 2021- 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Class 12th Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (CBSE) Class 10th Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (CBSE) (GPA: 7.70/10.0) (85.4) (76.8) Skills Programming Languages : C++, C, Java, Python Coursework : Data Structures, OOPs, Operating Systems, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, CN,(DBMS) FrontEnd : HTML, CSS, Java Script, ReactJs BackEnd : Nodejs, ExpressJs DataBase : SQL Developer Tools : Docker, Andriod Studio, Github Certifications Micro Certification | APSSDC Summer Internship Certificate | Machine Learning | HankerRank Python (Basic-level) certification | Last updated: August 23, 2024