Akula SriVarshini Software Developer 2110030449@klh.edu.in | 9392512782 | Vidya Nagar CodeChef | GitHub | LeetCode Education Koneru Lakshmaiah University Computer Science B Tech CGPA: 9.25 Intermediate Degree in Trinity Junior College Percentage: 90% Secondary Education Degree in Trinity Model Secondary School CGPA: 10 Skills Hyderabad , Telangana August 2021 - May 2025 Karim Nagar June 2019 - April 2021 Karim Nagar June 2018 - April 2019 Programming Languages: C, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Libraries/Frameworks: Tools / Platforms: Databases: React, Machine Learning Algorithms PowerBI, Tableau mySQL Projects / Open-Source Epidemiological Trends Analysis and Forecasting R language , Tidyverse, Rpart This project employs R programming and data science libraries for comprehensive data analysis and visualization. It includes visualizing trends over time, examining total (cid:28)gures by category and country, conducting time series analysis, and employing predictive modeling techniques such as decision trees. The objective is to derive insights from the data and forecast future trends, facilitating informed decision-making in response to dynamic situations. STOCK PRICE PREDICTION | Link Python and Machine Learning Algorithms This application is implemented to help stock market investors increase their pro(cid:28)ts by o(cid:27)ering strategic advice. It uses advanced algorithms and market analysis to evaluate available investment options and provide personalized recommendations. By considering factors like market trends and risk, users can make informed decisions to improve their portfolios. The platforms easy-to-use interface makes it simple for investors to navigate and act on the suggestions, leading to better (cid:28)nancial outcomes in the stock market. REACT BLOG JavaScript,React React Blog is a software app that uses React.js, making it a lively platform for making and sharing content. Its easy-to-use interface makes managing your blog smooth, while Reacts building blocks ensure it can grow and change as needed. With features made for todays internet, React Blog helps users make interesting posts and connect with their audience easily. TRAVEL AND TOURISN MANAGEMENT Servlet Technology Travel and tourism website, developed using servlet technology, CSS, Java, MySQL, and JSP, marks a signi(cid:28)cant advancement in how individuals engage with and explore the world. This innovative project enables travelers to seamlessly reserve accommodations, activities, and experiences, promising a transformative journey experience. The primary objective was to establish a platform o(cid:27)ering convenience, diverse options, and personalized services, all of which have been e(cid:27)ectively realized. Certifications (cid:136) Cloud Architecting Associate - Oracle. (cid:136) NOSQL-MONGODB - IBM. (cid:136) Cloud Practitioner - Aws Academy. (cid:136) RedHat Enterprise Application Developer - RedHat. (cid:136) Certi(cid:28)ed System Administrator - Service Now Honors & Awards (cid:136) Experienced CodeChef Programmer with Rating Above 1400 with 2 stars.