Avish Shetty 8296558937 | avishvshetty@gmail.com | HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka | https://bento.me/avish-shetty Summary Innovative Product Designer with expertise in crafting user-centric, visually engaging, and intuitive digital experiences. Proven success in redesigning key products to enhance user experience and drive engagement, contributing to substantial fundraising efforts. Adept at utilizing cutting-edge design tools and methodologies to deliver impactful design solutions. Experience ForeignAdmits | Bangalore, Karnataka Product Designer | 11/2022 - Present Designed the Education Loan Product, where students can apply and get their education loan pre -approved in 2 minutes, enhancing UX and user flow and increase in overall platform traffic. Designed the Accommodation and Forex product, simplifying the user journey. Developed a compelling pitch deck, contributing to successful fundraising efforts, and securing INR 3 Cr. Designed marketing materials, increasing partner engagement by 60% Learned Webflow and launched 10+ landing pages within two weeks. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather feedback and integrate essential features. Freelance | Bengaluru, Karnataka Designer | 09/2019 - Present Created 3D models and animations for an autonomous aerial radiography company. Designed a user-friendly platform for a B2B ed-tech company, supporting the operations and growth of over 600 students. Developed intuitive landing pages and marketing collaterals for various brands, improving user engagement and brand visibility. Skills Figma, UI Design, UX Design, User Research, User Interface, Branding, Accessibility, Webflow, Framer, Blender, Adobe Creative Suite, Sketch, Adobe XD, User Persona, Usability Testing, Journey Maps, Storytelling, Active Listening, Visual Communications, Presentation Skills Education NMAM Institute of Technology | Udupi, Karnataka Bachelor's in Electronics and Communication Engineering | CGPA - 7.47 07/2022 Languages English, Hindi, Marathi, Kannada, Tulu Certificates UI/UX Design Cohort - 10k Designers