Arya Deopurkar (cid:131) +91 8390855945 # aryadeopurkar17@gmail.com (cid:239) LinkedIn  Github Education K.J. College of Engineering and Management Research,Pune Bachelor in Computer Engineering AISSMS Polytechnic, Pune Diploma in Computer Engineering Technical Skills Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript Backend: Flutter, Node.js, Java, SQL Frontend: HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, React.js, Clouds & Databases: AWS, MongoDB Developer Tools: VS Code, GitHub Work Experience MACNMAN Solutions Fullstack Web Developer Intern 2022 - 2025 8.5/10 CGPA 2019 - 2022 8.6/10 CGPA Dec 2023  Jan 2024 Remote  Proficiency in full stack web development technologies including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and frameworks used React.js/Node.js.  Experience with Backend development using Node.js, Java.  Familiarity with databases such as MySQL, MongoDB.  Understanding of LORA protocol and its implementation in IoT (Internet of Things). Pushpam Computers & Software Pvt. Ltd Software Engineer Intern Jun 2022  Nov 2022 On-Site  Proficient in managing and maintaining network infrastructure, including routers, switches, firewalls, and other networking devices.  Experience in implementing, and troubleshooting LAN/WAN solutions to ensure optimal performance and reliability, network monitoring and optimization techniques to proactively identify and resolve issues. Projects Credit Card Fraud Detection using Machine Learning Source Code  The project aims to find potential Credit card fraud groups among a large number of financial transactions. In order to improve the efficiency of the framework, case reduction methods such as matching transaction detection and balance score filter are used to narrow down the list of potential ML accounts. Next by taking advantage of structural similarity, we can identify and group potential Credit card accounts. Our preliminary experimental results show a high degree of accuracy in detection of ML accounts. . Amazon Clone Source Code  Developed a functional Amazon clone website, replicating core features and functionalities, including user authentication, product listings, cart management, and secure checkout processes. Implemented responsive design principles for optimal user experience across devices.. Login-Signup Form  Build Login-Signup form using HTML,Bootstrap CSS and Javascript. Netflix Clone  Build a interactive Netflix Clone Website using HTML, CSS and Node.js. Source Code Source Code