Rumit Shah  rumit1109 (cid:239) rumit1109 Summary  Software Developer (cid:131) +91-9426210572 # rumit.shah1109@gmail.com A highly motivated Computer Science student seeking an opportunity at an organization while completing my degree which will help me showcase my necessary skills. Skilled and innovative software developer with proficiency in coding, data structures, and algorithms. A Under graduate with good communication skills, adaptability and problem-solving skills who is looking for an opportunity to support the company name and to advance efficiently for the greater benefit of the company and its mission. Proficient in multiple programming languages. Education Vellore Institute Of Technology University, Vellore B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering Personal Projects 2020-24 Food Management System (link) An Web Application that is used to order the food from various restaurants near you from anywhere around the globe. December 2022  Tools & technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL.  Features: Browse the products according to the customers needs & used to order the food items by tracking the customers location and hence order the food.  The customers can track their respective orders and contact the restaurants in case of any queries. Web Portfolio (link) A personalized web page that presents the collection of my personal projects, skills, achievements, journey, etc June 2023  Tools & technologies used: HTML, CSS, SCSS, JavaScript, REST API  It showcases my real-time projects completed and also showcases the number of acheivements and certifications done by me.  Build a responsive and interactive website, which was then successfully deployed using GitHub Pages Muse (link) A music genre classification system developed using the CNN model. May 2023  Tools & technologies used: HTML, CSS, Python, Django, JavaScript  The user has to upload a music file on the web interface. The audio waveforms of the file are then fragmented to form Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) which are then used to predict the genre. Text Encryption to PNG for secure transfer (link) An program that converts text message into secure .png image for secure transfer of messages April 2023  Tools & technologies used: Python, Flask  Basic front-end made using Flask for the program that convert text input into secured image and generate keys using each word ascii value and 256*256 matrix  Public Image selected at random using urllib python module and private key - image already shared between communicators and encpryt the message image to png image using predefined function. There is also program for decryption by backtracking same pre-define function. Technical Skills C/C++, JavaScript, HTML, CSS , Python, Java Languages: Frameworks: MySQL, React.js Tools: Coursework: Git, AWS, Kali Linux Data Structure and Algorithms, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Database Management System, Software Engineering, Machine Learning, Data Visualization Agile, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Logical & Analytical Thinking English, Hindi, Gujarati, French Skills: Languages: Certificates Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals - Microsoft AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials - Amazon AI Tools Certified and Enhanced Fundamentals - be10X July 2023 November 2022 June 2023