N.HARISH Phone: 6379363245 Email: harishbharath267@gmail.com location: Kanchipuram Summery Seeking a challenging career and environment that is conductive to Grow Forever in the field of IT by utilizing maximum potential. Education MSC (DATA SCIENCE) Madras Christian College  Chennai 2023 BCA (Computer Application) Sri Sankara Arts and Science College  Kanchipuram  2023  84.23% HSC 12TH Anderson Hr.Sec. School  kancheepuram  2020  55.5% SSLC 10TH Anderson Hr.Sec.School  Kancheepuram  2018  72.2% Skills Programming Skills : C,Java,Python   Web development: Frontend - HTML,CSS,JS Backend - PHP, MYSQL       Software Skills : operating system(windows) Office Skills : Data entry, MS (word, excel, power point) Languages:English,Tamil Sales and marketing Skills :Content creating,Social media manager Database:Mysql Visualization tools:Power BI, Jupter Notebook Internship FULL STACK WEBDEVELOPER Intern: RFLY innovations  Full Stack Developer with expertise in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap,PHP, MySQL Experienced in end-to-end web application development, combining front-end design and back- end database management.  This intern is to develop a comprehensive website withbothfront-end and back-end functionalities to streamline the documentation of checklists and RPA (Robotic ProcessAutomation) log forms used in the testing of drones. This website aims to facilitate a more efficient, accurate, and accessiblesystem for managing drone testing documentation, thereby enhancing overall productivityandqualityassurance in the manufacturing process. This webpage encompasses the design and implementation of a user-friendly web interface forcreating,managing, and reviewing test checklists and RPA log forms. It includesthe development of a robust back-end system to handle data storage, user authentication, and secure access to documentation. 2 Courses and Certifications Python Programming Certificate Organised by Ministry of Electronic and information Technology(MeiTY), Govt. of India (DecJan,2022) PERSONAL PROJECTS Ecommerce webpage: Designed and build a dynamic personal ecommerce website. Showcasing our company products and contact details in an interactive and visually appealing manner.  Tech Stack - HTML, CSS, JavaScript.Bootstrap PERSONAL PORTFOLIO: Designed and build a dynamic personal portfolio website. Showcasing my skills, projects, and achievements in an interactive andvisually appealing manner. Tech Stack - HTML, CSS, Javascript Experience Data analyst Trainee :  Maintained accurate and up-to-date data records, utilizing XML , resulting in increased efficiency and productivity within the team.  Collaborated with 9Star to ensure data quality and consistency, proactively identifying and resolving errors and discrepancies.