ANAMIKA DIXIT Student at Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Greater Noida anamika0807dixit@gmail.com +91 8920865818 linkedin.com/in/anamika-dixit08/ github.com/Anamika0807 EXPERIENCE Summer Intern, Celebal Technologies Node.js Developer Jun 2024  Jul 2024  Developed server-side applications using Node.js, enhancing system performance and scalability.  Designed and implemented RESTful APIs for seamless server- client communication  Managed MongoDB databases, performing CRUD operations and query optimization.  Conducted debugging and testing to ensure application functionality and reliability. PROJECTS Elective Bucket Selection March 2024  May 2024  Developed a web application for students to choose between 3 elective buckets: Cloud, AIML, and Full Stack.  Designed a responsive and user-friendly interface using HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.  Implement server-side logic with PHP for processing user selection and managing database interactions.  Utilized SQL for storing and retrieving student choices efficiently.  Utilized JavaScript and React for interactive elements and dynamic content updates on the front end. Hostel Complaint Management System Jan 2023  March 2023  This is a website where students can write their complaints and the administrator of the institute can view their complaints and resolve them.  This project provides separate login credentials for the administrator and students by using Firebase Authentication for better security.  Used Firebase Real-Time Database which is a NoSQL database for storing the data of all the complaints.  Made this website responsive with the help of Bootstrap and CSS. Bus Management System Oct 2023  Dec 2023  This is a C++ Windows application for managing the reservation in the Buses.  This application provides 10+ functionality such as adding buses, making reservations, and checking for vacant seats in the available buses. It also delivers information regarding the arrival and departure times of buses at each station.  This project is based on the 4 pillars of OOPL. EDUCATION B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering NIET Greater Noida, India November 2021  Present Upto 6th Sem: 6.74 CGPA SKILLS  Programming Languages C++, Java, Python, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript,  Libraries and Frameworks ReactJS, NodeJS, Express JS, Spring Boot  Database MySQL, MongoDB CERTIFICATIONS -Microsoft AI Odyssey Microsoft -The Web Development Bootcamp Udemy - Object Oriented Programming in Java Coursera - Introduction to NoSQL Databases Coursera - Java Programming: Arrays, Lists, and Structured Data Coursera - Data Structures Coursera COURSEWORK  Computer Networks  Data Structure  Database Management System  Operating Systems SOFT SKILLS Problem Solving, Public Speaking Decision Making, Analytical Thinking Team Building, Communication