Shreya Pawar 9324762376 Mumbai, Maharashtra shreyapawar593@gmail.com Shreya-Pawar Education Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology Ramniranjan Jhunjhunwala College , Ghatkopar west Grade XII Relevant Coursework Dec. 2021  May 2025 Chembur, Maharashtra 2019  2021 Mumbai, Maharashtra  Data Structures and Algorithms  Data Analytics  Database Management  Operating System  Machine Learning  Artificial Intelligence  Computer Network and Security  Computer Architecture  Computer network and Security Technical Skills Languages: Python, C , SQL, HTML/CSS, JavaScript. Developer Tools: VS Code, Figma, Android Studio, Jupyter, IDLE, PyCharm. Technologies/Frameworks: Flask, Pandas, NumPy, Scikit- learn, Tkinter, GitHub. Experience Bharat Intern Web Development Virtual Internship July 2023  August 2023  Completed a month-long virtual internship at Bharat Intern, creating projects like a personal portfolio and temperature converter.  Acquired practical skills in HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and GitHub, mastering their usage for effective project development.. Projects Hotel Sustainability Management | Java, Python, SQL. April 2023 - I created a project called "Hotel Sustainability Management" twice, using different languages and databases each time. First, I used Python and SQL, and then I used Java and SQL. Both versions aimed to help hotels manage sustainability issues using software. Diabetes Prediction System | Python, VS code April 2024 - I built a Diabetes Prediction System using machine learning and Flask. It predicts diabetes risk and has a user-friendly interface made with HTML and CSS, making it easy for anyone to check their health status. Leadership / Extracurricular NSS March 2023  March 2024 Graphics Team Lead Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College Led the graphics team for about a year and made significant contributions. September 2022  September 2023 Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College Was part of the ACM group and had been actively involved in the newsletter of the ACM and also volunteered in various tech events IT-Council Graphics Volunteer February 2023  April 2023 Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College - I Volunteered on the IT council within the Graphics Team and made valuable contribution - ACM ACM member -