Chayandeep Chaulia New Delhi, Delhi, 110027 | +91-7602635338 | chayandeepchaulia@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/chayandeep-chaulia-7302bb1b0/ https://github.com/PARADOX0001 | https://pin.it/5jFyEsuDX A highly motivated and result-oriented engineer, dedication to go the extra mile to get the job done. Actively seeking opportunities to build innovative solutions that solve real-world problems, and work with a team of talented engineers to learn and grow in my career. Eyes and Face Detection System It detects which are the eyes and which are faces in any video or through camera. Tech Stack: Python, OpenCV, Numpy. EDUCATION SKILLS Bachelor of Technology - Information Technology 2020 - 2024 Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, New Delhi Percentage: 83.5% Programming Languages: C++, Python, Java, Javascript Web Development: React.js, Node.js, Flask, Django, MERN Stack, Bootstrap Class XII  PCM 2019 - 2020 Central Model School, Barrackpore, Kolkata Percentage: 75.2% Database: MySQL, MongoDB Class X 2017 - 2018 Delhi Public School, Panipat Percentage: 89.6% Operating Systems: Windows OS, Mac OS, Linux (Ubuntu, Kali) General Office Suite: MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Word EXPERIENCE Summer Internship and Training at IOCL May 2023 - Jun 2023 Indian Oil Corporation Limited, Haldia    Set up and configure some switches and servers. Actively engaged in logging data within SAP, understanding of its operational principles and exploring key features that contribute to its functionality. Acquired comprehensive insights about the system network and the services used by the company for IT infrastructure and security.  Developed a full-stack web application and learned about their culture and work ethics. PROJECTS RangSagar  AI Based Image Editing System It is an AI-based image editing system designed to simplify and enhance the photo editing process. Design and Graphics: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects, Figma (UI/UX Design), Corel Draw, Blender (3D animations and models), Sketchbook Pro (Digital Arts) Tools and Technologies: Git, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Networking, Cyber Security, Data Analytics, Data Science, Cloud Computing, Docker, OOPS, Data Structure Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Adaptability, Teamwork, Analytical Thinking. CERTIFICATIONS      Python for Data Science and Data Analysis - Udemy 2023 Python Essentials 1 - Cisco 2023 AWS Machine Learning Foundations 2022 - Udacity 2022 Front End Web Development Bootcamp - DevTown 2021 The Fundamentals of Digital Marketing - Google 2020 Tech Stack: Next.js, Typescript, Clerk, Stripe, MongoDB, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn, Cloudinary AI. ACHIEVEMENTS Web3 Mint Website It facilitates the creation and issuance of NFTs through a decentralized interface and blockchain technology. Tech Stack: React, Solidity, Hardhat, Ethers, Chakra.  Selected in Poster Presentation Competition (Topic  Nanodiamond Battery) conducted by Institutions Innovation Council and GTBIRC.  Flipkart SCOA Pre-assessment Completion Certificate. Finance Dashboard Web Application It shows graphical representation of various financial transactions in dashboard tab and show prediction of one graph in predictions tab. Tech Stack: MERN full stack, Typescript, and regression module. Cricket Score Prediction System It predicts the score of the batting team by using the dataset of previous T20 matches scores. The dataset used is taken from Kaggle. Tech Stack: Machine Learning, Pandas, Numpy, Python, Streamlit, CSS, Jupyter Notebook.