 PavanKumarGulimi Pavan Kumar Gulimi | (cid:239) PAVAN KUMAR GULIMI # pavangulimi03@gmail.com | H+919502515855 Summary A fourth-year B.Tech student in Computer Science and Engineering at SRM University, AP, specializing in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML). I have a strong passion for programming and developing innovative solutions using various languages and technologies. Work Experience Web Developer June 2023 - Aug 2023 Developed and implemented web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP during a two-month internship with CodeSwap Solutions, contributing to successful project completion and gaining valuable web development skills. Undergraduate Research Opportunities Project The project named Panoptic Segmentation for Medical Diagnosis, aims to enhance segmentation accuracy through an innovative approach to nuclei segmentation in medical image analysis, utilizing panoptic segmentation techniques. I worked with datasets such as MoNuSeg, MoNuSAC, and the 2018 Data Science Bowl for nuclei segmentation. Projects Full stack project Developed a comprehensive full-stack application using React for the frontend, Node.js for the back- end, and MySQL for the database. The application enables users to filter laptops based on various specifications such as brand, operating system, and RAM. Additionally, users are categorized into three groupsBeginner, Intermediate, and Pro-each with tailored specification filters. Event Management System Created a Java GUI-based project that demonstrates basic event management principles through a user input program. Users authenticate themselves with details stored in a MySQL database. After the authentication, users can enter event types and details, with the system ensuring that only one event can be booked for a particular date, thereby enhancing the efficiency of event scheduling. These event details are then stored in the database. Education 2021- present Bachelors Degree(CSE) at SRM University AP 2019- 2021 2018- 2019 Intermediate(State Board) at Narayana Junior College Class 10th (State Board) Narayana EM High School (CGPA: 8.27) (Marks:948/1000) (GPA: 10.0) Skills Ive engaged with programming languages, including C, C++, Python, and Java. Ive also explored web development using MongoDB,Express.js,React,Node.js. LeetCode:leetcode.com/Gulimi Pavan kumar HackerRank: hackerrank.com/Pavan kumar Gulimi Last updated: September 7, 2024