HEMANT SONI +91 9831088788  hemantsoni2102@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/hemantsoni21 EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan Relevant Coursework: DSA, Machine Learning, RDBMS, Operating System, OOPS, Computer Networks Graduation Year (2025) TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages Tools HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, OOPs , MongoDB, DBMS, C++, Dart, SQL VS Code, Microsoft Office, Canva, Google Flutter. Exel EXPERIENCE Website Development Intern Merchandise India, Kolkata Mar 2022 - Jan 2023  Programmed and Maintained a dynamic website, achieving a 40% up-time and 20% workflow improvement.  Implemented Intuitive navigation and responsive design, resulting in a 20% increase in user engagement and improvement in conversion rates.  Ensuring seamless functionality across various devices and platforms, leading to a 30% increase in mobile traffic. TATA Cybersecurity Analyst TATA Virtual Internship, July 2024  Mastered IAM fundamentals contributing to a 15% increase in security protocol adherence  Designed and implemented IAM strategies, reducing access-related incidents by 30%  Solved complex problems to ensure cybersecurity, decreasing threat response time by 35% PROJECTS Expert Educational Consultancy-website  Formulated and Hosted in a team of two, a streamlined web portal for NEET and JEE aspirants using the MERN Stack.  Implemented a robust College Recommendation Engine using Machine Learning algorithms, providing cus- tomized suggestions based on user profiles and historical data.  Developed and integrated course material sections, ensuring seamless access to resources and improving user en- gagement by 70%. Network Tracking using Wiresharks and googlemaps  Extracted and parsed IP addresses from captured data using a Python script, showcasing skills in data processing and scripting.  Plotted network traffic data on Google Maps using the Google Maps JavaScript API, emphasizing data visualiza- tion skills.  Automated data refresh to update the map with real-time network traffic information, showcasing automation proficiency. CERTIFICATIONS Cybersecurity Essentials Certification Earned the Cybersecurity Essentials Certification, demonstrating proficiency in identifying and mitigating cyber threats. Developed skills in securing networks, implementing defense mechanisms, and conducting threat analysis. Proven ability to manage risks and respond to incidents effectively.  Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials Certification Achieved certification in Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials, demonstrating expertise in configuring and manag- ing network switches and routers. Mastered the implementation of wireless networks and optimized network performance. Proven ability to troubleshoot connectivity issues, enhance network security, and ensure seamless communication across various network infrastructures.