Shashank Saraswat Mail ID | +91 8005803945 | LinkedIn | GitHub Profile Education Manipal University Jaipur, B.Tech(Hons.) in CSE & AIML DAV Public School, Higher Secondary Education Sept. 2021 - Present May 2018 - July 2020 Experience Research & Business Analyst Intern, Hexaware Technologies  Remote  Provided actionable insights and recommendations to help the company understand the competitive landscape July 2024  Aug 2024 and identify potential areas for improvement or innovation in its offerings.  Created detailed reports, comparing these features with the organisations current offerings to highlight strengths, weaknesses and opportunities. Machine Learning Intern, Bharat Intern  Remote  Implemented data preprocessing techniques including data cleaning, normalization, and feature engineering to May 2024  June 2024 enhance model performance and reliability.  Applied advanced machine learning algorithms and data analysis techniques to develop robust predictive models, significantly improving the accuracy and effectiveness of the system. Projects AI-IoT Traffic Management  Developed an AI-powered IoT system for real-time traffic management, utilizing sensors and machine learning GitHub Link algorithms to optimize traffic flow and reduce congestion by up to 25%.  Implemented data collection and analysis pipelines to process traffic data, enabling predictive analytics and proactive decision-making for traffic control authorities. House Price Prediction  Developed a comprehensive machine learning model to predict house prices using a variety of features such as GitHub Link location, size, and amenities, improving prediction accuracy by 15%.  Implemented data preprocessing techniques including data cleaning, normalization, and feature engineering to enhance model performance and reliability. Movie Recommendation Model  Employed matrix factorization and similarity-based algorithms to predict user preferences, resulting in a 20% GitHub Link increase in recommendation accuracy.  Implemented content-based filtering methods to enhance recommendations by analyzing movie metadata and user preferences. Additional Experience And Awards Mock Placement Drive (Nov 2023): Organized under the Manipals Club 180DC, secured 2nd Rank at the Mock Placement Drive and was interviewed by TIME Management Institute. ACM Hacks 8.0 (Sept 2023): Achieved 3rd Rank in the Hackathon organised by the Association of Computer Machinery of Manipal University Jaipur by showcasing the project of AI and IoT Traffic Management System. Village War - TechIdeate (March 2023): Organized under the Manipals Official Technical Fest, Runners Up at the Village War (advanced version of Volunteers Dilemma) organized by the Indian Game Theory Society. Technologies Languages: Python, C, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL Software: MATLAB, Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, Jira, Git and GitHub, MS Excel