Carol Meliza Fernandes Mobile: +91-9741667067  email: carolmelferns@gmail.com A Qualified Chartered Accountant seeking assignments as a Senior Audit Associate/ Finance Controller/ Finance Analyst with an organisation of repute MSSV and Co Chartered Accountants, Bangalore June 24  Present Audit Staff WORK EXPERIENCE Firm: Period: Role: Deliverables:  Preparation of Financial Statements and Notes to Accounts.  Preparation of the Statement of Total Income and filing of various returns of Income Tax (ITRs) EY Global Delivery Services India LLP, Bangalore November 23  March 24 Assurance Consultant Firm: Period: Role: Deliverables:  Member of the credit team in performing the year end audit procedures for the credit audit of a Multinational Investment Bank located in the EMEIA region.  Responsible for executing and delivering quality work on client related engagements, performing financial statement tie-outs, preparation of audit workpapers under the supervision of seniors.  Participated in the US FSO Leadership and Townhall sessions led by the global leaders. M/s Rodrigues & Dsouza Chartered Accountants, Mangalore Firm: Period: June 22  August 22 Role: Freelancer Deliverables:  Led audit engagements for the audit of an AOP and Proprietorship concern.  Preparation of Form 3CA/3CB and Annexure Form 3CD. M/s Rodrigues & Dsouza Chartered Accountants, Mangalore February 18  February 21 CA Article Assistant Firm: Period: Role: Deliverables:  Led audit engagements for the audit of Trust, Partnership Firms and Proprietorship Concerns.  Preparation of Financial Statements and Notes to Accounts.  Preparation of the Statement of Total Income, filing of various returns of Income Tax (ITRs) and attending to notices issued under various acts/ laws.  Preparation of Form 3CA/3CB and Annexure Form 3CD, Form 10B and other forms under the Income Tax Act.  Member of the audit engagement team for the Concurrent and Statutory Audit of Banks and Statutory Audit of an Insurance Company.  Assisted clients in compliances with filing of GST Returns, TDS Returns, EPF, ESI, PT Returns and computation of Advance Tax.  Preparation of Form GSTR 9 and GSTR 9C.  Filing of Form 15CA and Form 15CB for furnishing of information for foreign payments. Tools: MS Office Tools, Tally ERP 9 ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION Qualification University Institute CA  Final CA  IPCC - - ICAI ICAI B.COM Autonomous St. Agnes College Year 2024 2018 2017 PUC SSLC Karnataka State Board Karnataka State Board St. Agnes PU College 2014 Ladyhill Victoria Girls High School 2012 Score 57% 52% 85.50% 89.16% 93.92% ACHIEVEMENTS  Served as the member of the Southern India Chartered Accountants Students Association (SICASA) of Mangalore Branch of SIRC of ICAI for the year 2018-2019 and contributed services as a member of the organising committee for the regional level conference Vidwath 2018.  Participated in the national and regional level CA Conferences organised by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.  Contributed services as a member of the finance team for Vittoria 2014 and Nakshatr 2015 inter collegiate national level fests conducted by St. Agnes College, Mangalore.  Participated in the International, National, Intercollegiate and Intradepartmental commerce fests.  Participated and won prizes in the intercollegiate badminton tournaments and was also a part of the softball team at St. Agnes College, Mangalore.  Secured a Distinction in Grade 3 examination in music, conducted by the Trinity University, London. INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES  Badminton  Art and Craft  Travel and Exploring PERSONAL DETAILS  Date of Birth: 23rd May 1996  Linguistic Proficiency: English, Kannada, Hindi, Konkani  Location Preference: Bangalore, Pune