Anamika Dogra Chandigarh | 8628903945| anamikadogra@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/anamikadogra Aspiring, strong accuracy and organizational skills. Creative, results-oriented, and solution-focused. Seeking a challenging role to leverage my knowledge of analysis and tools. Passionate about driving organizational success through strategic decision-making and data analysis. My academic achievements, internship experience, and coursework have equipped me with valuable evaluation skills for the financial environment. Ready to apply my knowledge and learn from experienced professionals to make a positive impact. SKILLS Management & Coordination | Decision Making | Systematic thinker | Team Oriented | MS- Word | MS- PowerPoint| good English speaking skill | Project Research | detail oriented | comparing analysis | Data Driven INTERNSHIP Financial Analyst at Yoshop Consolidating and analyzing financial data, taking account companies Goal and financial stability June 23 - Aug 23 PROJECT Website on Food ordering management system The restaurant management system can be used by employees in restaurant to handle the clients. Handling their orders and can help them easily to find the tables. Restaurant management system is the system for managing the restaurant business. May 21 - Jul 21 ACADMIC CREDENTIALS  7.5 CGPA in MBA (Finance & HR) from Chandigarh University 2022-2024  7.83 CGPA in B.C.A. from St.Bedes College 2018  2021  7.94 CGPA in XII (CBSCE) from convent and Jesus Mary School, Shimla 2017-2018  8.6 CGPA in X (CBSCE) from convent and Jesus Mary School, Shimla 2015-2016 ACHIEVEMENTS  Participated in Economic time quiz. (Second runner up)  Participated in group discussion  Recipient of the Academic Scholarship  Volunteered as tutor for high school students CERTIFICATIONS  Certification in Financial Market  Certification in Strategic Management in Competitive Advantage.  Certification in Human Resource Management  Marketing E-commerce INTERESTS  reading  photography