celestijohn1995@gmail.com q linfiedin.com/in/celesti-efifia CELESTI EKKA HR Recruiter E 8962747899 Bangalore EXPERIENCE HR Recruiter Eduvy Technologies Pvt Ltd 2024 - Present Bangalore Create a mobile app to simplify college admissions, course discovery, and fee payments for students in India while empowering institutions with the help of digital tools to handle processes with much ease and thereby connect with students in an effective and efficient manner.  Directed recruitments efforts for IT division, filling all vacancies within mandated deadlines.  Assisted in the development of HR Policies and Procedures Admin -Hr Executive Smart Larning Destination 2023 - 2024 Indore Collaborated with teachers to create differentiated learning materials that met the needs of all learners  Manage day to day HR and admin activities.  Oversee daily workflow of the department and timely performance evaluation. Admin-HR Sr. Executive Dsand Animal Nutrition Pvt Ltd 2023 - 2024 Indore To meet the daily nutrient requirement of Poultry and Dairy Animals by providing best quality feed supplements, thereby improving their productivity.  Identifying the training needs for team from different departments in consultation with HOD  Prepare training calender yearly basis as per need and requirement of all deparments.  Create and distribute guidelines and FAQ documents about company policies. Admin-HR Executive St. Joseph's Convent Schoool 2016 - 2018 Indore ST. JOSEPHS CONVENT SCHOOL follows English medium and is an unaided institution of Christian minority. It is run and controlled by the sisters of St Joseph of Saint-Marc of Indore Province.  Overseas daily workflow of the departments and timely performance evaluation.  Communication and discussion with all channels and departments. EDUCATION Masters of Business Administration St. Xavier's College, Bangalore 2018 - 2020 Bachelor of Commerce St. Paul Institute of Professional Studies, Indore 2013 - 2016 SUMMARY Results-oriented HR professional with over 5 years of experience in the art of sourcing, attracting, and securing top talent across a wide array of industries. Proven strategic sourcing skills, having increased the hiring rate for technical positions by 25%. Well-versed in conducting job requirements analysis and improving candidate experience. KEY ACHIEVEMENTS Time-to-Fill Reduced: Developed and then implemented an optimized recruitment process that reduced average time to fill from 60 days to 30 days. This hastened recruiting timeline created significant improvements in operational efficiencies. Improved Candidate Experience: Revamped the candidate experience by rolling out a new onboarding process and communication strategy that resulted in a 40% increase in candidate satisfaction scores. Increased Volume Talent Pipeline: Created a talent pool by proactive networking and relationship-building, minimizing dependency on external job postings to increase access to better-quality candidates. Hiring Manager Relationships: Built solid, consultative relationships with hiring managers through comprehensive needs analysis to map individual style and preferences, resulting in a 20% reduction of the average number of interviews per hire and a better fit of candidates for the positions. SKILLS Core Sfiills Interpersonal Sfiills Technical Sfiills Organizational Sfiills PASSIONS Lifelong Learning and Growth Dedication to Talent Development Focus on Strategic Impact