SHIVANI SHUKLA +919026909509 | bittushukla0502@gmail.com | Leetcode | linkedin.com | github.com EDUCATION Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, 8.81 CGPA (up to 6th sem) H.L. Ambedkar Intercollege Senior Secondary Education (Class XII), 70.8% EXPERIENCE Google Girl Hackathon  India  Selected for the prestigious Google Girl Hackathon '24; networked with industry leaders and completed 6 advanced learning cohorts, significantly expanding knowledge in cutting-edge technologies and innovation strategies. FrontEnd Intern  CodSoft New Delhi (Remote)    Developed dynamic websites and learnt about Web Development Led the development of a Weather Web App, utilizing HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, and Node.js (Express.js), resulting in a responsive and user-friendly website Gained hands-on experience with React.js, Node.js, and API integrations through daily coding and problem solving PROJECTS Weather Web App | Mailchimp API, HTML, CSS, EJS, JavaScript  Developed a weather app which allows users to access real time temperature and weather description of the desired location.  Used Weather API Integration and geocoding in development.  Employed asynchronous programming to fetch and process weather data in real-time New Delhi 2021-25 Basti, U.P 2019-20 Aug 2023-Sep 2023 link E-Waste Facility Locator (ongoing) | HTML, CSS, ReactJS, PostgreSQL, NodeJS, API link  Website that tells you the location of the nearest E-waste collection and recycling facility.  The system will generate credit points for the E- Waste, which users can then redeem for government subsidies or other rebates. Amazon Clone | HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Created an clone version of Amazon , utilizing HTML , CSS and JavaScript.  Implemented responsive design for seamless user experience across device. ACHIEVEMENT  Maximum Rating of 1214 on CodeChef.    Achieved a score of 42% in the ZS Campus Beats program, demonstrating strong analytical skills and competitive problem-solving abilities. Solved 500+ questions on various coding platforms. Secured the winning position in the internal round of the Smart India Hackathon, demonstrating innovative problem solving and teamwork skills TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C, C++, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL Libraries, Frameworks: ReactJS, NodeJS, Bootstrap Developer Tools: Git, GitHub, VsCode, MSOffice, MS Excel, MS word, MS powerpoint Other : Data Structures and algorithms, OOPS, DBMS, OS, Frontend Development, Backend Development, Competitive Programming link