Dr. SANDEEP KUMAR Graduate Student, Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Science, University of Allahabad, 211002, Prayagraj, India +91-7007276908 /sandeep@cbcs.ac.in EDUCATION Ph.D. in Biochemistry, Dept. Of Biochemistry, University of Allahabad, India. Thesis Defended, March 2024. M.Sc. in Cognitive Sciences (5.3/9 CGPA), Centre of Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS), University of Allahabad, India. 2013. B.Sc. (Hons.) in Biomedical Sciences (68%), Institute of Biomedical Science, Bundelkhand University, Jhansi, 2010. RESEARCH STATEMENT biology primarily the biochemical I was trained as a cognitive biochemist and my area of work was in stress stress on cognition and health. This involved studying the relationship of oxidative stress and psychological stress in typical and atypical adults and adolescent populations. I employed different methodologies including biochemical estimation of oxidative stress, psychological batteries and other behavioral experiments. Currently, I successfully completed my thesis submission. correlates of RESEARCH EXPERIENCE DOCTORAL PROGRAMME: Department of Biochemistry, University of Allahabad, 211002, India. THESIS TITLE: Biochemical Correlates of Neuronal Stress, Cognition and Health PARADIGMS: Markers of Oxidative Stress; Perceived Stress; Coping; Attention; Working Memory (Supervised by Prof. Abhay K. Pandey) During the period of my research I have been trained in various biochemical methods and molecular techniques. Together with that I studied and implemented the psychological tools and cognitive tests to investigate the effect of perceived stress and coping efficacy on biochemical indices of stress. I also studied the role of biochemical stress markers on Working Memory and Attention. My main work was on clinical/non-clinical human population in which I performed rigorous biochemical estimation of different enzymatic and non-enzymatic markers of oxidative stress on different blood parameters. I standardized and performed several qualitative and quantitative experiments employing Psychological test batteries including Perceived Stress Scale and Coping Self Efficacy Scale and learned to design Cognitive behavioral experiments including Emotional Switch Task, Attentional Network Task and Digit Span Task on Eprime and Opensesame and several Biochemical estimation using sophisticated instruments including CBC Counter. UV Spectrophotometer, Spectrofluorometer, Automated Nucleic Acid Extraction, Real-Time PCR, Autoanalyzer, Nanodrop and ELISA Reader. Moreover, I have a good academic experience in human psychology and cognitive neuroscience. I do possess a good exposure in nucleic acid extraction methods, RT-PCR and ELISA techniques. I also possess an exposure in gene sequencing of Covid-19 strains and other microbial assays in BSL-2 and BSL-3 lab settings. Moreover, I headed a team of Covid-19 Virology lab as Molecular Scientist at ASMC, Shahjahanpur and handled more than 1.5 lakh human live jisamples. Thus, my interdisciplinary background and research approach with the rare combination of biomedical and behavioral sciences made me efficient towards research and academics in various branch of psychology including biological psychology, cognitive psychology, cognitive neuroscience and experimental psychology. PUBLICATIONS  Kumar, S., Dwivedi, A., Mishra, A., Singh, S., & Mittal, P. C. (2020). EFFECT OF NICOTINE ABUSE ON OXIDATIVE STRESS AND PERCEIVED STRESS AND ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH COPING SELF EFFICACY AMONG UNIVERSITY GRADUATES. Journal of Experimental Biology and Agricultural Sciences, 8(6), 849858. https://doi.org/10.18006/2020.8 (6).849.858.8.  Dwivedi, A., Kumar, S., Singh, S. and Mittal, P.C. (2020) Comparative Study of Inflammatory and Oxidative Stress Biomarkers in Different Metabolically Healthy Obesity Phenotypes. 509-522. Nutrition Food https://doi.org/10.4236/fns.2020.116036. Sciences, and 11,  Singh S., Dwivedi A., Kumar S., Mittal P.C., Total Antioxidant Status and Other Markers to Distinguish Severely Obese Volunteers with and without Metabolic Syndrome. Food and Nutrition Sciences, (2019), 10, 648-663.  Singh S., Kumar S., Mittal P.C., Dwivedi A., Role of Erythrocytic Acetylcholinesterase in Adult Diabetes Induced Oxidative Stress. IJRAR (2019), 6(1). Book Chapters  Dwivedi A., Singh S., Kumar S., M poittal P.C. Organosulfur Phytochemicals against Metabolic and Neurodegenerative Diseases: Benefits and risks. Phytochemicals as Lead Compounds for New Drug Discovery, Ch. 11, Imprint: Elsevier. CONFERENCE/PRESENTATIONS/WORKSHOPS Attended the Asia Pacific qPCR & dPCR Webinar Series: Part 2 webcast organized by Thermo Fisher Scientific, 10 October 2022 Abstract has been accepted for Presentation at International Conference (FAOMB 2020) at Colombo. Abstract has been accepted for Presentation at International Conference (SFRRI 2020) at Taiwan. Written an ICMAR-SRF Project entitled Investigating Effect of Oxidative Stress on Memory and Emotion Processing in Major Depressive Disorder Patients: A functional MRI case control study. Attended the workshop on In-vitro Diagnostic Platforms for Biomarkers Detection, Jan. 2019 at MNIT, Allahabad. Presented a paper at International Conference on Global Environmental Challenges Human Health and Sustainable Development (Jan. 2019), organized by Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), New Delhi. Sandeep Kumar and Poonam C. Mittal. Effect of Nicotine Abuse on Perceived Stress, Coping efficacy and Oxidative Stress Indices Attended the workshop on Scientific Writing organized by Springer (Dec. 2018) at JK Institute of Applied Sciences, University of Allahabad. An abstract has been published in International Symposium on Recent Trends in Agriculture Biodiversity and Social Sustainability (Sep. 2018), organized by Botanical Survey of India, Prayagraj, Sandeep Kumar, Astha Dwivedi, Sharmistha Singh and Poonam Chandra Mittal*, Impact of Nicotine on Oxidative Stress, Coping and Perceived Stress. Attended the workshop on Drug Discovery & Design organized by Delhi University (Jan. 2018), New Delhi. Attended the workshop on Introduction to Sensory Processing Disorders and Sensory Integration Therapy (June 2017) organized by CBCS, University of Allahabad, Praygraj. Attended the GIAN workshop on Time Perception (Mar. 2016) organized by Centre of Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences University of Allahabad, Praygraj. Presented a paper at 5th International Conference on Recent Advances in Cognition and Health, organized by Banaras Hindu University (Dec. 2016), Varanasi. Sharmistha Singh, Astha Dwivedi, Sandeep Kumar & Poonam Chandra Mittal Interrelationships among Erythrocytic Oxidative Stress Markers and Acetylcholinesterase in Adult onset Diabetes Mellitus. Conference on Autism Spectrum disorders (April 2013) organized by Motilal Nehru Medical College, Praygraj. Attended the International Conference on Decision making (Dec.2011), organized by Centre of Behavioral and Cognitive sciences, Allahabad University, Prayagraj. Attended the National Conference on Emerging Areas in Biomedical Sciences organized by Institute of Biomedical Sciences (27th Mar. 2010), Bundelkhand University, Jhansi. Attended the Symposium on Recent Trend in Diagnosis and Prevention in AIDS (1st Dec. 2007), organized by Institute of Biomedical Sciences, Bundelkhand University, Jhansi. ACADEMIC AWARDS AND HONOURS Qualified National Eligibility Test for Assistant Professor in Psychology (UGC NET Nov. 2017). Qualified Allahabad University National Level Entrance Exam for Biochemistry PhD. Program (CRET-2016). Qualified Central Teaching Eligibility Test in Science, 6-9th grade (CTET-2015). Qualified Allahabad University National Level Entrance Exam for Cognitive Science Phd. Program (CRET-2014) WORK EXPERIENCE 1. Worked as Content Manager at Indo-Europeans Pvt. Ltd., Noida Sector 62. 2. Worked as Molecular Scientist in the Microbiology Department at ASMC, Shajahanpur, since July 2021 till April 2022. 3. Worked as Subject Mater Expert in Psychology and Life Sciences at online platforms as Gyanohm learning and Kunduz Tutorials. 4. Assisted Master degree research dissertation: a. Topic: Effect of Nicotine Addiction in Young Males on Perceived Stress Scores, Coping Efficacy and Selected Biochemical Markers of Oxidative Stress by Anurag Mishra. b. Topic: Perceived Stress, Coping Efficacy and Oxidative Stress in Adults Comparison between Urban Slum Dwellers and Middle Class Respondents by Ruchika Yadav. c. Topic: Gender Differences in Markers of Oxidative Stress in Diabetes Mellitus: An exploratory Case Control Study by Akanksha Yogi. d. Topic: Effect of Chewing Tobacco on Oxidative Stress and Psychological Stress among College Students by Subarna Goswami. 5.Supervised Lab course work for undergraduate biochemistry students (2018-19) 6.Worked as teaching Asst. with Prof. Poonam C. Mittal for the Master Course (Nutrition and Health, 2017-18). 7.Worked in Dios Life Sciences Pvt. Ltd. as Bussiness Executive, Ghaziabad. Oct. 2014-March 2016. 8.Worked as Embryologist at Srijan IVF and Infertility Care, Prayagraj, Dec. 2010-May 2011 9.Intern at Quality Control department at Akums Pharmaceuticals, Haridwar, September 2010-October 2010. 10.Intern at department of Biochemistry, MLN Medical College, Prayagraj, June 2008-July 2008. TECHNICAL SKILLS Cognitive and Behavioral Experiment Design  E-Prime, Open Sesame, PEBL Statistics Package for Social Sciences (SPSS), R, JASP, JAMOVI  Clinical Psychology and Psychological tests.  Diagnostic Biomarkers Detections. Nucleic Acid Extraction, Gene Sequencing and Biochemical Estimation. Biochemical report preparation and analysis. UV-Spectrofluorometry,ELISA-READER  Real Time PCR and HPLC References 1. Dr. Rana Pratap, Head, Dept. Of Microbiology, ASMC, Shahajanpur. Ph. No. 094315 86448 2. Prof. Narayanan Srinivasan, Head, Department of Cognitive Science, Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur 208016, Email: nsrini@iitk.ac.in, ammuns68@gmail.com 3. Prof. Poonam C. Mittal Ex. Head, Dept. Of Biochemistry University of Allahabad, India Email: poonam_mittal@rediffmail.