SESHA SAI PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Cell: 9108-741-271 e-mail: cnsaish@outlook.com Seasoned recruiting professional with forward-thinking, adaptable and detail-oriented approach to meeting requirements. Well-versed in job boards, online recruiting techniques, reviewing resumes, screening candidates and managing applications. Well-organized and proactive in handling recruiting tasks with little oversight. SKILLS Technical Recruiter with hands on experience in End to end recruitment process. Recruitment & Sourcing, Planning & Delivery. Ability to interact, network and get the best resource for a given requirement.  Hiring planning  Recommending the best-course of action for specific requirement.  ATS: Amazon HIRE, iCIMS, Tableau, gHIRE etc.  Offer roll-out, offer discussion & negotiation. Joining follow-up and formalities.  Preparing the stakeholders with the reports relevant to respective team or stake holder as desired. reporting analysis reports, data MRM and to  Sourcing & Lead generation techniques: X-Ray search, Web Scraping - Skilled in usage of Social Media Dashboard management tools, using job aggregators and identifying free job sites. EXPERIENCE Google, Bangalore  Recruiter JANUARY 2022 - JANUARY 2023  Engage in strategic sourcing to recruit top talent in a highly competitive and niche talent market  Manage large queue of candidates in different stages of the interview process  Provide an efficient, high-touch, and magical experience for every candidate and referrer  Commitment an inclusive and diverse to building participation including organizational aspirational diversity goals activities in that workforce, to contribute  A track record of personal accountability, strong work ethic, integrity, and proven organizational skills with attention to detail. Y Media Labs, Bangalore  Technical Recruiter AUGUST 2021 - DECEMBER 2021  Working closely recruitment strategies, sharing timely updates with the Hiring Managers to ensure the recruitment is on track. Managers derive Hiring with to  Involved with lead generation, hands-on sourcing, recruiting and coming up with hiring strategies for each competency.  Ensuring open requisitions are filled in an effective, efficient manner with the most qualified, best fit candidates. Amazon Development Center India, Bangalore  Technical Recruiter APRIL 2014 - APRIL 2018  An individual contributor, involved in end to end recruitment.  Used Boolean searches to develop applicant portfolios for expected openings.  Develop and execute recruiting hiring requirements. Manage all aspects of candidate administration such as maintaining and updating applicant data and offer activity, ensuring current positions are accurately posted in all recruiting systems and job boards. plans meet the to  Build and maintain an active pool of candidates to meet future hiring targets in an effective manner.  Effectively manage relationships with agencies.  Responsible for planning and coordinating of events, being a liaison with candidates and communicating logistics associated with assessment and interviews.  Maintain pertinent applicant and interview data and generate reports.  Conduct regular determine the implementation. follow-up effectiveness meetings of with hiring recruiting managers plans to and T.I.M.E Education, Bangalore  Marketing Executive OCTOBER 2013 - MARCH 2014 EDUCATION Master of Business Administration - May 2013 - RIMS, Bangalore