Curriculum Vitae Anamitra Baruah Mobile No.: 9967565306 Email ID: anamitrabaruah19@gmail.com CAREER OBJECTIVE: To learn & work for an organization which can provide me the opportunity to enhance my skills and knowledge on Information Technology and to grow along with the organization. EXPERIENCE:  Presently pursuing B.Tech. course in Information Technology at Manipal University Jaipur EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:  Pursuing 7th Semester of B.Tech. course in Information Technology at Manipal University Jaipur  CGPA secured until 6th Semester: 8.48  Selected for Deans Merit Award by the University  Total Duration of the Course (4 years)  Sep 2021 to August 2025  12th Standard: HSC Science from Maharashtra State Board with 93.33% in year 2021  10th Standard: ICSE Board, (School: Universal High School Thane, Mumbai) with 95.2% in year 2019 TECHNICAL SKILLS: MS Word, MS Excel, HTML, CSS, PHP, Programming in C & JAVA, Object oriented Programming, Linux, SQL in database, Jupyter Notebook. PROJECTS/RESEARCH PAPERS: 1) Hospital Management System (during Semester 1) The project provides a comprehensive overview of the objectives, deliverables, constraints, & evaluation criteria for developing a Hospital Management System in C. It serves as a guideline for developers to understand the scope and requirements of the project. 2) Weather App (during Semester 3) Created a web application that leverages HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to fetch weather data from a weather API and display current weather conditions and forecasts for a specific location. It provides users with real-time weather information, allowing them to stay informed about the weather conditions in their desired location. 3) Database in SQL (during Semester 4) Created a database in SQL which involved defining the structure of the data, including tables, relationships, and constraints. The SQL script can be executed in a SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, or other relational database management system (RDBMS). 4) Travel Insurance Prediction Data Statistics, Analysis and Prediction using Machine Learning (during Semester 5) In this study, a ML model was proposed, implemented using Python programming language, that exhibits high accuracy in predicting travel insurance claims. To develop the ML model, feature engineering, data pre-processing, and ML algorithms were utilized. The data were pre-processed, and feature engineering was performed to transform the data into a suitable format for our model. Then the data were divided into training and testing sets to train and evaluate our model's performance. Various ML algorithms were utilized to optimize the model's accuracy and efficiency. 5) Twitter Sentiment Analysis- Hate Speech Detection ( Semester 6) The goal of this project is to employ sentiment analysis techniques to automatically identify hate speech on Twitter. The scope includes numerous important areas: i) Data collection and preprocessing: A sizable dataset of tweets classified as hate speech and regular text will be gathered. After that, the data will be cleansed, formatted for use with sentiment analysis tools, and any unnecessary information will be removed in order to prepare it for analysis. ii) Sentiment analysis and feature engineering: To extract features from the text data that capture emotional tones and signs of hate speech, we will investigate various sentiment analysis techniques. We will also investigate further feature engineering techniques to find pertinent features that set hate speech apart. Research Papers (during Semester 5)  5G: A Review of Current Technologies - The main objective of this study is to highlight some of the recent improvements in the 5G cellular system and to discuss its future research goals.  DevOps Enabled Agile - This study aims to explore the benets of the combined adoption of both the models considering multiple perspectives of the software engineering business environment.  Travel Insurance Prediction - The objective of this study is to create a model that can accurately predict whether or not a tourist would purchase travel insurance. To achieve this aim, we must go through a number of processes, including data collection, data preparation, model implementation, and so on. Data training is then carried out with the use of algorithms. SUBJECTS COVERED UNTIL 6th SEMESTER (B.TECH.):  Computer System & Architecture  Data Structure & Algorithms  Data Communication  Object Oriented Programming in Java  Operating Systems  Web Technologies  Relational Database Management System  Computer Networks  Software Engineering  Foundations of Data Science  Design & Analysis Data Analytics (Predictive)  Automata And Compiler Design  Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning  Cryptography & Information Security  Organization & Management  Open Electives- Solar Engineering & Technology, Interior Designing & Global Strategy of Algorithm CERTIFICATIONS: 1) Design & Analysis of Algorithms | NPTEL (National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning - 8 Weeks) 2) Software Engineering | NPTEL (National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning - 12 Weeks) EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES/INTEREST:  Playing Piano  Swimming  Avid reader PERSONAL INFORMATION: Fathers Name Date of Birth : Mr. Debajit Baruah : 10/02/2003 Nationality Sex Religion : Indian : Female : Hindu Marital Status : Unmarried Language Known : English, Hindi, Assamese, Marathi PERMANENT ADDRESS: Flat no :104/B wing, Riviera, Siddheshwar Gardens Street : Kolshet Road P.O Dist. Pin State : Sandoz Baug, Thane west : Thane 400607 : Maharashtra DECLARATION I hereby declare that all the information Furnished above is correct to the best of knowledge and belief. Signature