Deeraj Chowdary chowdary.s.deeraj@gmail.com  (+91) 8897354208  Jaipur, IN  GitHub PROJECTS Medicontrol A medicine dispenser for the elderly and the needy.  Conducted requirement analysis and integrated Firebase for real-time data sync between the web app and Raspberry Pi 4. Implemented sliding doors with SG90 motors and limit switches  Modeled 3D dispenser components in Blender, using Raspberry Pi 4 as the CPU.   Developed a web app for doctors to manage dispensers from a centralized dashboard.  Added a display for user interaction, showing medication schedules, dosage, and dispensing status  Co-authored a research paper with three team members, submitted at the 2024 IEEE World Conference on Applied Intelligence and Computing, receiving positive feedback from peers. Arx A blockchain-centered REIT application. Formulated and maintained project plans and schedules, completing the project 2 weeks early.   Directed a team of front-end developers to build a captivating UI.  Guided backend developers through the build stages of the server application. Cognisyn A Code generation plugin in terminal  Managed project workflow for effective development.  Built the plugin using the OpenAI API, leveraging advanced technology to enhance capabilities, which resulted in a more than 50% increase in code generation accuracy calculated using a confusion matrix.  Constructed a user-friendly website for the plugin, allowing a better user experience. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Jaipur, Rajasthan July 2025 Btech, Computer science  Honors in Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning  Team lead of 3 Hackathon arranged by the college.  Member of the University Powerlifting Team getting gold twice in the same year. SKILLS Programming Languages: Rust, JavaScript, Python, C, HTML, CSS, Bash,Lua, Libraries & Tools: Git, GitHub, React, Vue, Flask, LLVM, CLang,godbolt Technical Skills: Shell Scripting, Machine Learning, CLI Tools, IoT, Linux, Algorithms, compiler development Soft Skills: Active Listening, Collaborative Effort, Creative Thinking CERTIFICATIONS  Database Foundations - Oracle Academy