K Srinath Reddy  Srinathkunduru | (cid:239) Srinath Reddy Kunduru | # kundurusrinathreddy@gmail.com Work Experience Fruit Recognition using VGG-19 | Research Aug 2023 - Dec 2023  The VGG-19 technology was employed to recognize the input image of the fruit.  A standout feature of our project is its ability to accurately recognize fruits with over 90% precision, even when the input image is blurred.  Significant changes have been implemented in the architecture of VGG-19 incorporating an unblurring layer after the first convolutional layer.  This improvement led to an outstanding accuracy rate surpassing 90%. Technologies: Python,VGG-19(Image Processing). Projects Stream-Chat  Engineered a secure chat application using React and Firebase, achieving 99.9 % uptime and sup- porting real-time messaging. I  Implemented 3 key features such as file attachments, message deletion, and friend search, enhancing user experience and engagement.  Identified and documented 6 potential future improvements to boost user satisfaction and platform scalability.  Leveraged React and Firebase to develop a robust application with a focus on security and usability, protecting user data with end-to-end encryption. Technologies: HTML, CSS, React, Firebase. NoteVault  Designed a user-friendly interface with 4 key features:note creation, editing,deletion and searching.  Integrated secure user authentication using Firebase Authentication, ensuring data security and seamless user interactions.  Streamlined the user experience by enhancing UI responsiveness.  Leveraged Firebase Realtime Database for real-time data synchronization and efficient data storage. Technologies: HTML, CSS, React, Firebase. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering at SRM University Course Work: Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming in C++, Operating Systems, Database Management Systems, Computer Networks, Compiler Design, Cloud Computing, Data Warehousing and Mining, Applied Data Science, Software Engineering. (CGPA: 7.88/10.0) 2019 - 2021 Sri Chaitanya Junior College TSBIE (89.4%) Skills Languages C++ , Python , JavaScript,Java Frontend Tools HTML , CSS , JavaScript , React VS Code , Google Collab ,MySQL, Git and GitHub