PRAKASH CHANDRA PANDA Objective : To utilize my technical and managerial skills for the growth and development of the Organiza- tion and attaining career objectives. Summary: An Agriculture and Rural Development Professional with more than twenty-five years experience in grass- roots level program management, monitoring and evaluation with a strong focus on livelihoods promotion. Passed out BSc (Ag) from Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) and PGDRM from XIMB. A multi-dimensional experience starting with networking and negotiation, program management along with research and documentation skills. Experience with national level flagship skill Development pro- grammes. Expertise in Project formulation, monitoring and evaluation. Hands on experience on planning and implementation, review, monitoring, evaluation, impact assessment and documentation related to development projects. Specialties: Capacity building, Skill Development, Livelihoods, Micro finance and Micro enterprise devel- opment, Value chain and market development, Entrepreneurship promotion, Cluster Development and Agriculture extension. Personal Profile: Date of Birth: 11th May, 1972. Marital Status: Married Address for Correspondence: : Prakash Chandra Panda : Plot No-2D/229 : Sector-11 : CDA : Cuttack : 753014, Orissa. Contact No: 09438526400 E-Mail: panda.prakash2@gmail.com 1 Educational Qualification: Sino Name of the course School/College/University Year passing of 1 2 3 4 PGDRM BSc(Ag) +2 Science HSC of Agriculture, XIM Bhubaneswar College OUAT,Bhubaneswar Council of higher secondary educa- tion, Odisha. Board of secondary education, Od- isha 1998 1997 1990 1988 Percentage of marks/Division /Grade A First First First Language skills: English, Oriya and Hindi- read, write and speak. Computer proficiency: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and SPSS. Work Experience: Feb 2024 upto Date: Currently working as Fundraising Manager in RCDC. Regional Centre for Development Cooperation. (RCDC) is a state level organization in Odisha. Major responsibilities: Resource mobilization from different agencies/companies and public Provide visibility to the organization and its work through participate in various online and offline events Scout for potential donors /fund raising opportunities Liaison with existing /potential donors and maintain effective relationship. Design appropriate IEC materials for fund raising campaigns Jan 2023 upto Jan 2024 Freelance development Consultant for grant writing and capacity building supports to small NGOs and Startups Technical Advisor, Team Leader, NRETP Cluster Development Programme Bihar Rural Livelihood Promotion Society (BRLPS) (Madhubani paintings and Sikki Basketry Clusters) Madhubani & Darbhanga Foundation for MSME Clusters (FMC), New Delhi (Sept 2021 to Dec 2022) Promote, Lead the State office in the delivery of operational goals of the project; finalize the annual work plan and budget; and oversee the implementation and provide overall direction and guidance to the team. Conducting cluster Diagnostic study and action plan for project implementation Provide managerial direction, guidance and leadership to staff and provide performance feedback and coaching to staff under supervision including providing direction, guidance and technical support to the team. Build partnership and maintain effective coordination with key actors in the state. Interface with government officials, industry experts and other key stakeholders. Forge partnerships, organise consultations, guide programmes and reports as per project requirements and donor rules. 2 Consultant, NABCONS (A wholly owned subsidiary of NABARD) Bhubaneswar, June 2015 toJuly 2020 Responsibilities: Planning,Coordination and Monitoring of Skill Development and Agriculture Development Programmes. Worked as Associate project consultant in NABCONS, Bhubaneswar. NABCONS has been designated as the CTSA (Central Technical Support Agency) on behalf of MORD in the national level skill development initia- tive i.e. DDU-GKY (Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kausalya Yojana). Major Responsibilities:  Concurrent monitoring of DDU-GKY Project across Odisha  Reporting of monitoring outputs  Capacity building of Project Implementing agencies(PIAs),Trainers, OP Team and Finance team  Capacity building of programme stakeholders including State Rural Livelihood Mission  Financial Monitoring of projects sanctioned by SRLMs  Engaging in reviews and presentation of monitoring outputs both at state and central level  Appraisal of new projects and PIAs Being a member of the NABARD, Odisha RO also involved in Monitoring of TDF (WADI) programme Impact assessment of LMV/HMV trainings imparted by OSDA (Odisha Skill Development Authority) Investigator in OHEPEE programme implemented by Dept. of higher education, Government of Odisha Involved in presentation of technical Bids by NABCONS, Odisha Block technology manager in ATMA (Agriculture Technology Management Agency),NMAET, Cuttack (Aug 2012to June 2015) Job responsibilities:  Planning coordination and implementation of agriculture programmes at block level  Conducting farmers trainings, Demonstrations and exposure visits State Coordinator-CRMA, Odisha EDII (Entrepreneurship Development Institute of India), Ahmadabad. Responsibilities:  Monitoring of integrated handloom development schemes (IHDS) in 23 districts of Odisha  Project coordination, documentation and was responsible for presentations before DC, handlooms.  Fund raising for Odisha, RO Impact Assessment of CSR project implemented by HPPI (Humana People to People India) supported by JSL ltd at Jajpur. Agribusiness cum Extension Specialist ACCESS Development Services, New Delhi. Vedanta University Project. Location: Puri (Odisha) (January 2009 to September 2010). Responsibilities:  Planning, Coordination and implementation of Agriculture Development Programmes. 3  Liasioning and networking with Resource Agencies for the Capacity Building of the project beneficiaries.  Training/Skill Building/Capacity building to farmers groups and producer Cooperatives on farming aspects. Regional Manager OPERP (Orissa public enterprise reforms project) Location: Sambalpur, Odisha (June 2007-Feb 2008) Responsibilities: Planning, coordination and monitoring of rehabilitation programmes for the VRS and VSS employees of various PSUs. Documentation of project activities and presentation before the client. Senior Research Fellow-NRM Baitarani river basin initiative SHRISTI, Bhubaneswar (June 2006-Feb 2007). Responsibilities:  Data collection and analysis both from primary and secondary level analysis and writing reports.   Preparation of case studies, documentation of best practices and dissemination through various Initiating stakeholders dialogues workshops, seminars including policy briefings. Project Coordinator,(ODMM), Organisation for Disaster Mitigation and Management . (Nov 2005 to June 2006) Promotion of Insurance as a disaster management approach in India is an action research project support- ed by OXFAM,GB. Being the project coordinator was responsible for coordination and documentation of project activities and presentations at state and national level forums.. Project Officer (Counseling) KIIT, Bhubaneswar (April 2001-Oct 2005). Counselling, retraining and redeployment of workers/employees separated through VRS/VSSS from various PSUs Have counseled and trained more than 1000 employees of OTM, Choudwar, Sarala spinning mills, Kalinga spinning mills, Utkal spinning mills, OSRTC, OSFC, OAIC, OIL Orissa etc. YP, CAPART, Chief Executive, DSMS, ORMAS (June 1998- April 2001). Location: Kandhamal, Dhenkanal, Mayurbhanj DSMS (District Supply and Marketing Society) the district level branches of ORMAS (Orissa Rural Develop- ment and Marketing Society) an autonomous body under the Panchayatiraj Department Government of DSMSs. Orissa Mayurbhanj Kandhamal, Dhenkanal managing and Responsibilities: 4  Prefunding, midterm and post evaluation of projects funded by CAPART.  Formation of self-help groups, coordinating with banks for their evaluating, grading and coordinat- ing with DRDAs for their finance under SGSY.  Providing skill based training programmes to these groups through tie up with various resource agencies.  Providing marketing support to the groups through inter and intra district marketing tie-ups and exhibitions.  Coordinating the various activities of the NGOs funded by DRDA and other funding agencies Significant Achievements:  Streamlining marketing networks of MFP and NTFP of Kandhamal district as Chief coordinator.  Marketing tie up of Kandhamal turmeric with OMFED  Establishment of Mini dal mills through self-help groups in tie up with CFTRI, Mysore.  Facilitator cum project evaluator, CAPART, Ministry of Rural Development, GOI.  Organized a State level exhibition called Pallishree at Dhenkanal during Laxmi Puja in Nov 2000. Contributed to successful planning and implementation of various government programmes as member of the following district level committees:      District level Watershed Committee. District level member of NGO evaluation committee District level member of the SGSY Committee. District level project evaluator on behalf of CAPART,Government of India Coordinator of district level Marketing core committee I do herby undertake that all information I have shared in my resume is true. Prakash Chandra Panda 9438526400 5