Nehal Malpani malpaninehal15@gmail.com 7415522848 Jaipur , Rajasthan https://www.linkedin.com/in/nehal-malpani- 529394213/ https://www.codechef.com/users/mu219301366_5a https://www.coursera.org/user/5c49a2ee7e4826decd19c5061233c8e3 Education BTech in Computer Science and Engineering Manipal university Jaipur , Rajasthan CGPA = 7.90/10 High School Green Field Public School Percentage = 95.4% Profile 2021  2025 2020  2021 Enthusiastic student completing B Tech degree in Computer Science and looking for Summer Intern position focused on developing professional skills and contributing to business success. Results-focused and motivated team player having an ideatative mindset and with a talent for learning new processes, programs and skills quickly to maximize performance and contributions. Computer Skills Programming Languages : JAVA , C , CSS , HTML , MySQL 5.7 Professional Experience Platforms: Linux ,Windows and Mac IT Intern , Kogta Financial As an IT intern at Kogta Financial, I contributed to various IT operations and database management aspects. I gained practical experience in database management with MySQL, where I worked on tasks such as database querying, optimisation, and maintenance. This role allowed me to apply theoretical knowledge professionally, enhancing my IT support and database administration skills. Software trainee , Umbrella protection system Pvt. Ltd. I actively participated in various projects and tasks, contributing positively to the team's efforts and displaying a strong willingness to take on challenges and acquire new skills. 06/2024  present 01/2024  02/2024 Marketing Intern , Sangam India Pvt Ltd Contributed to Sangam India Private Limited's dynamic marketing team, where I played a key role in developing and implementing effective marketing strategies. 06/2023  07/2023 Scholastic Achievements Star Scholar : Among the top 10 students receiving the Star scholar for outstanding academic performance in class 12. UCMAS National level , 1st Runner Up Projects BOOK STORE WEBSITE SQL, HTML , JAVA , CSS The Online Book Store project aims to develop a web-based platform that allows users to browse, search, and purchase books online. The platform will provide a convenient and user-friendly interface for customers to explore a wide range of book categories and make secure transactions. This website provides a range of features and tools that enable store owners and administrators to effectively handle inventory, orders, customers, and other essential aspects of running an online book store. Face Expression Detection Pyhton The Face Expression Detection project uses computer vision and deep learning to accurately recognize and categorize facial expressions like happiness, sadness, anger, and surprise in real-time. Its goal is to enhance human-computer interaction and psychological research by improving emotion recognition capabilities. Sonar Rock vs Mine detection Python , Google colab The Sonar Rock vs Mine Detection (DSML) project focuses on enhancing sonar technology to differentiate between rocks and mines in underwater environments. Using advanced signal processing and machine learning, the project aims to improve detection accuracy by distinguishing subtle acoustic differences between these objects. This development could significantly enhance maritime security by reducing false alarms and improving the reliability of mine detection operations in challenging seabed conditions. Position of Responsibility Marketing Head of Qureka - the Quizzing society of MUJ. Deputy Head Graphic Designer in ACM - the Technical club in MUJ. Founder and Curator @__.castle.crew.__ Course Certificates Foundations of Digital Marketing and E-commerce Google Market Research and Consumer Behavior IE Business School NPTEL Design and Analysis of Algorithms Funded by the MoE, Govt. of India Getting Started with Enterprise-grade Al IBM Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java Coursera , Learn Quest Print and Digital Elements of Design: Branding and User Experience University of Colorado Boulder