PANKHURI PRAKASH pankhuri.banaras@gmail.com | +91 7007269235 | linkedin.com/in/pankhuri-prakash/ ABOUT Dedicated and motivated undergraduate Electronics Engineering student with a specialization in VLSI, seeking a position at your company to apply and enhance my knowledge and skills in digital design, verification, and semiconductor technology. Basic understanding of Verilog. Possesses strong analytical skills, and a passion for continuous learning and innovation. EDUCATION Bachelors of Technology (B. Tech) in Electronics and Communications Engineering Manipal University, Jaipur, Rajasthan Expected Graduation: July, 2025 CGPA: 8.59 12th Standard St. Johns School Marhauli (CISCE), Varanasi Year: 2020 Percentage: 75/100 10th Standard St. Johns School Marhauli (CISCE), Varanasi Year: 2018 Percentage: 76/100 TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: Verilog, JAVA  EDA Tools: Synopsys Design Compiler, Xilinx Vivado  Hardware Description Languages: Verilog, System Verilog  Software Tools: MATLAB, H-SPICE  Operating Systems: Windows, Linux WORK EXPERIENCE Research Intern | Indian Institute of Technology (IIT BHU), India May 2023 - July 2023  Collaborated as a researcher during the 4th semester of Engineering.   Adapted algorithms according to paper requirements, enhancing my problem-solving skills in IoT networks. Investigated and implemented RIS-assisted IoT networks. PROJECTS AND RESEARCH Vending machine    Designed a vending machine for distribution of medical needs such as medicines. Authored a comprehensive project report detailing the design process and outcomes. Completed as an electronics project during the 6th semester at the university. CNC Plotter  Handwriting machine Innovatively constructed a CNC plotter-based handwriting machine, showcasing practical knowledge of CNC principles.   Presented a well-documented report highlighting the technical aspects and project achievements.  Successfully executed as an electronics project during the 4th semester at the university. Multi-Purpose Robot for Military Applications  Led the development of a versatile military surveillance robot, enhancing soldier safety in high-risk operational environments.  Utilized Arduino, GSM module, sensors (PIR, Smoke, Ultrasonic), and GPS technology to create an advanced surveillance system. Implemented SMS-command functionality and designed for inaccessible areas, boosting soldier effectiveness.  ACHIEVMENTS  Earned the Deans Excellence Award for Academic Excellence for three consecutive semesters, recognizing the attainment of the highest-grade point average across courses for three consecutive semesters. view Won top position in Project Expo 2.0 at Manipal University Jaipur with the "Military Surveillance Robot" project. view   Appointed as the Student Placement Coordinator for my batch. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Active participant in engineering workshops, fostering practical skills and collaboration.  Been Head of Events in multiple clubs and societies, engaging with like-minded peers to share insights and expand knowledge. SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES  Solid programming skills in JAVA  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Ability to work both as an individual contributor and a team player  Problem Solving