Anish Nalawade Katraj, Pune (cid:211) +91-8999190290 anishnalawade215@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github Summary To secure a job in the IT industry with latest technology in market, which enable me to achieve goal of Organizational growth in Global Competition as well as achieving good ranking for India in Worlds IT industry. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C, C++, HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, SQL. Frameworks: Bootstrap, Tailwind, React(Basic), UI, UX. Developer Tools: vscode, Sublime, github, Canva. Soft Skills: Team player, Bias for action, Deliver results PROJECTS Banking System | HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Javascript, PHP  Created an innovative web platform that allows users to compare various types of loans (bike, car, home) across 2021 multiple banks.  Help users find the best loan options with the lowest interest rates and favorable terms by providing comprehensive comparisons.  Designed an intuitive interface that simplifies the loan comparison process for users, with easy navigation and clear presentation of data. Dog Breed Prediction Virtual Canine Hub | React, Tailwind, Python, Django, MySQL  Created a specialized e-commerce platform for buying and selling dogs, offering a seamless and user-friendly 2024 experience for pet enthusiasts.  Integrated a AI feature that uses image recognition technology to accurately identify dog breeds from uploaded photos.  Enabled users to upload images of dogs to automatically identify their breed, providing a unique and engaging feature that adds value to the platform. 3+INTERNSHIPS Fevino Industries LLP Software Engineer Pune, India 02/2023  01/2024  Updated website content to reflect new product launches and ensured accuracy of product listings.  Completed assigned projects and tasks within deadlines.  Acquired hands-on experience in frontend development techniques and best practices. EDUCATION K J College of Engineering and Management Research, Pune B.E - Computer Engineering - CGPA:- - 8.28 Maeers Mit Polytechnic, Pune Diploma - Information Technology - Marks:- - 90.63 CERTIFICATIONS  Web Developer Bootcamp - Udemy  Fundamentals of Digital Marketing - Google Digital Unlocked  Cloud Fundamentals And Architecture - Eduskills  MERN Stack - 30DaysCoding EXTRACURRICULAR  Participated in Google Developer Student Club.  Team Leader at Center of Excellence 2021  2024 Pune, Maharashtra 2019 2021 Pune, Maharashtra