Harsh Pratap Singh +91-9929117436 - Portfolio - singhharsh02p@gmail.com - linkedin.com/in/Harsh-Pratap - github.com/Harsh Pratap EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor Of Technology in Information technology : Cgpa 7.88 Maheshwari Public School Higher Secondary school TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Python, C, C++,Javascript, HTML5, CSS3, Node.js Libraries and Framework: React.js, Express js, Bootstrap, Css Tailwind, Redux Toolkit Version Control: Git And Github Database Management: MySQL, Mongo DB Jaipur, Rajasthan September 2021 - August 2025 Kota, Rajasthan April,2019 - March,2020 PROJECTS PingMyCoin Nodejs  React  JavaScript  CSS Tailwind  Expresss.js  A cryptocurrency tracking web application that uses Binance API to monitor the prices of crypto pairing in real June 2024 - July 2024 time and send email notification based on custom alerts created by the users using 20 percent less time.  Build reusable react components that improved the code efficiency by 2002 and expanded user registration and login functionality to support users with different roles by 30 percent. .  Optimized and adapted database schemas to align with evolving application changes and project requirements, leveraging Agile and Scrum methodologies for efficient and responsive development.. WatchToday React.js  Node.js  MongoDB  CSS Tailwind  Express  Developed a video streaming platform with the implementation of a recommendation system using OpenAIs ChatGPT, enhancing user experience by providing personalized movie and video suggestions based on viewing history and preferences with an accuracy of 78 percent. . May 2024 - July 2024  Crafted and implemented a responsive user interface using React.js, guaranteeing seamless navigation and accessibility across diverse devices for optimal user experience.  Built a robust backend services using Node.js and Express, creating a resilient API endpoint for video streaming and recommendation functionality.  Efficiently managed data storage and retrieval with MongoDB, ensuring optimal handling of user data and videos. WORK EXPERIENCE  MotionCut, Front End Web Developer Intern May 2024 - June 2024  Innovated and optimized responsive web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, improving user interface design and enhancing cross-browser compatibility.  Successfully completed 10+ web pages , resulting in a 25 percent reduction in bounce rate.  Gained hands-on experience with modern frontend frameworks such as React.js, And improved skills in implementing interactive UI components and state management.  Designed and deployed 10+ interactive components and 20 percent increase in application performance.  Main Flow Services and Technologies ,Full Stack Web Developer Intern June 2024 - August 2024  Built and maintained full-stack web applications using JavaScript, Node.js, Express, and MongoDB, enhancing both frontend and backend development skills.  Contributed to the development of 5+ full-stack projects, resulting in a 30% increase in overall application performance.  Learned to implement RESTful APIs and integrate them with frontend frameworks like React.js, improving data handling and user interaction.  Successfully operated and integrated 10+ Restful APIs, leading to a 25 percent improvement in data retrieval time. ACHIEVEMENTS AND CERTIFICATES  Senior Coordinator of IEEE-RAS : Led team of 8 to successfully execute many events.  Solved 300+ LEETCODE Questions.  Completed full stack development course by 30DC .