Mohammed Faiz Salman +91 7204344912 mohammedfaizsalman720@gmail.com Bangalore India I am a highly passionate individual who thrives upon seeking new challenges through my career as an Executive HR. My initial years of working in the business industry pushed me to go further in discovering more things in it. Of course, I am motivated to join a group of seasoned and experienced Executive HR professionals in the industry. Success Factor Amadeus Altea Reservations Mesh tool Excel and MS Office 365 HRIS Management HR Process Knowledge EXPERIENCE FEB 2022 - AUG 2023 HR Executive at Zee Entertainment Enterprise Limited The onboarding process for new employees, including orientation and training. Also manage the offboarding process for departing employees, including exit interviews and documentation. Partner with the IT team to allocate assets. Conduct employee engagement surveys and analyze results to identify areas of improvement. Provide pay role input for the new joiners to the pay-role team. Manage new joiners joining kit. Manage Exit Clearance and FNF settlement of employees, including recovery. Partner with Recruiters for onboarding campus freshers. Maintain and update important documents, records, and files. This includes managing databases, and filing systems, and ensuring compliance with relevant regulations. Responsible for coordinating all employee travel arrangements including flights, accommodation, ground transportation, and other travel-related services. Manage bookings through travel agencies, online booking platforms, or directly with vendors to ensure cost-effective and efficient travel arrangements. All travel arrangements comply with the company's travel policy and guidelines to optimize travel expenses. Also assist with itinerary changes, cancellations, and emergency assistance during travel. Also handles expense reporting and reimbursement for travel-related expenses incurred by employees. JAN 2020 - JAN 2022 Customer Service at Air India Sats Pvt Ltd - Vistara Airlines Provide full support to passengers with all kinds of modifications with travel. Attend Pre-flight briefing sessions and provide additional information to resolve the accrued issues. Ensures the display board communicates the delay, check-in counter, boarding gates, and Special Handling Issue new tickets, reissue and modify tickets. Airport Reservation Central handles all queries and emails. Liaises with check-in, transfer, and support desk, end-to-end airport operation support. Sending Head Quarter with station billing, payments, and petty cash. Handling passengers at the time of Flight overbook or delay. EDUCATION & CERTIFICATES Graduate Certificate in Business Administration, Govt RC College of Commerce and Management, Bangalore | 2020 | Pre-University College from St Xaviers College, Bangalore | 2016 | Secondary High School from Qwataul Islam High School | 2013| SKILLS Collaborative Problem-Solving Adaptability Organizational Skills Inquisitive & Quick Learner LANGUAGES KNOWN English Hindi Kannada Tamil Urdu HOBBIES Cycling Bike Riding Solo Traveller Mountain Hiking