ATISHAY JAIN +91-8376944329  Delhi, India Email  Linkedin  Github  Leetcode OBJECTIVE Aspiring software engineer with ability to think and decide, seeking an internship to contribute to innovative solutions and gain hands-on experience. Eager to collaborate and enhance user experiences through cutting-edge applications. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University Relevant Coursework: Artificial Intelligence, Data Structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Operating System 2021-2025 High School, NVM Sr.Sec.School Class XII: 94.6 Percent Class X: 94.8 Percent SKILLS 2021 Technical Skills Soft Skills C/C++, CSS, Django, Git/Github, HTML, Javascript, Machine Learning, Python, SQL Communication, Event management, Team Leadership EXPERIENCE Head Co-Ordinator Big Data Centre of Excellence Dec 2023 - Present Uttar Pradesh, India  Mastered Python and its libraries, employing a deep understanding of fundamental concepts  Applied machine learning techniques proficiently, showcasing their real-world applications, Integrated SQL seam- lessly with Python, demonstrating comprehensive knowledge  Led a team of more than 30 members, planned, executed, managed over six events, facilitated smooth coordi- nation in between departments PROJECTS Face Recognition System. A face recognition system that accurately identifies and recognises individuals based on their facial features with the help of Python, Tkinter, Open CV (Git Hub) Iris Prediction. The Iris Prediction project utilizes machine learning to classify iris flower species based on sepal and petal measurements. Developed with Python, it employs a trained model to predict species with high accuracy, demonstrating proficiency in data analysis and model deployment. (Git Hub) Password Generator. Designed to create secure and random passwords based on user-defined criteria. Users can specify the length of the password and choose from various options such as including uppercase letters, lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters. (Git Hub) ACHIEVEMENTS  CODE-A-Thon Winner. First position out of 153 registered teams  Innohacks 2.0 Finalist. Shortlisted from a total of 2200 registered teams  PROD-G Winner organised by IIT Roorkee EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Black Belt in Taekwondo (Kukkiwon DAN-1 Certified, ID: 09505676)  Badminton District Gold Medallist, Taekwondo District Gold Medallist (4 Times)