Kunal Bharadwaj Targeting Software Engineer roles with an organization of high repute with a scope of improving knowledge and further career growth. Contact kunalbharadwajking@gmail.com +91 93113 64785 https://www.linkedin.com/in/kunal -bharadwaj-41146226b Profile Summary o As a Technology graduate, I'm ready to transition from academia to the dynamic world of technology and engineering. My journey has been fueled by curiosity and a deep passion for tech. o Throughout my academic career, I've honed problem-solving skills vital in the fast-paced tech industry, from coding complex algorithms to collaborating in diverse teams. I'm now eager to apply my knowledge and fresh perspective to real-world innovative projects. Technical Skills o Programming Languages: Java, Python HTML, CSS SQL o I.T. Constructs: Data Structures and Algorithms, DBMS, OOPS Soft Skills Analytical | Fast Learner | Leader | Adaptable Personal Details Date of Birth: 6th November 2001 Languages Known: English and Hindi o Outside the classroom, I am an advocate for continuous learning and stay updated on the latest tech trends and breakthroughs. Let's connect! I'm excited to network, learn from industry professionals, and explore opportunities to contribute my passion for technology and commitment to excellence to your organization. o Licenses & Certifications JAVA - SOLOLEARN - Certified course from Sololearn Web Development Fundamentals - Codedamn MongoDB Basics - ICT Academy Learnathon - MongoDB Academic Projects COMPUTER ASSISTANT Developed a assistant to handle tasks and perform actions using text to text speech technology. NEWS ASSISTANT This is a voice control news assistant. When we ask about such popular topics, it will show us trending headlines from all over the world. HOTSTAR CLONE This clone is very similar to the original disney plus website. It is only one page(homepage) website. It has navbar and search box with cool click effect same as disney+. Academic Details Achievements: o Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Electronics and Communication Engineering Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology, New Delhi CGPA: 8.33 (2024) o Mcl Saraswati Bal Vidya Mandir XII C.B.S.E. Science - Non medical April 2019 - Mar 2020 o Attained the first position in my class in the fourth semester. o Won the Gold Medal in the Young Scientist Talent Test - Science Olympiad by Sri Chaitanya Educational Institutions and Uniglobal Technologies Inc., highlighting my dedication to scientific exploration and problem-solving. Secured second rank in the national-level Hindi language competition by Rashtrabhasha Sabha, Pune, showcasing my appreciation for linguistic diversity and cultural heritage. o