Harsh Kochgavey  hkochgavey | (cid:239) harshkochgavey | # hkochgavey117@gmail.com | H +917987360705 Summary An undergraduate BTech student majoring in Computer Science Engineering, with a deep passion for AI and Machine Learning. Im on a mission to harness AIs potential to create innovative solutions. Seeking opportunities to contribute expertise and advance emerging technologies. Work Experience Web development intern at OctaNet July 2023 During my Web Development Internship at Octa Net, I gained hands-on experience in front-end (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and back-end (Python, Django, Flask) development. I tackled complex Python concepts like asynchronous programming, Web Sockets, API development, database management (PostgreSQL, MongoDB), and secure authentication (OAuth, JWT), along with testing and debugging. This provided a comprehensive understanding of real-world web development and advanced Python programming. Projects WhoOwesWhome Link to Demo Developed Who Owes Whom, a Python-powered web app for splitting expenses among groups. Imple- mented user login, debt tracking, multiple rooms, and personal budgets using Flask/Django, MongoDB, and various Python libraries.Used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap for the frontend. Remaining Useful Life prediction of Lithium Batteries using Gaussian Process Regression This study aims to estimate RUL by utilizing indirect health indicators (IHIs) extracted from voltage, current, and time profiles during charge-discharge cycles. This research emphasizes the implementation of Gaussian Process Regression (GPR) and evaluates its effectiveness in comparison to various machine learning algorithms. Education 2021 - present B.Tech in Computer Science And Engineering with Specialization in AIML 2020 2018 at SRM UNIVERSITY AP Class 12th CBSE Board Class 10th CBSE Board Certification The Fundamentals of Linux and Data Analytics (VOIS) Java (HackerRank) Python(Basic)(HackerRank) E-Business (NPTL) Data Base Management System (NPTL) Skills (80.4 Percentage) (83.8 Percentage) C++, Python, Java,UI/UX,Graphic Designing ,Frontend ,Figma ,Android Development ,DSA ,MS EXCEL ,DBMS . Last updated: July 20, 2024