Nitin Sain +91 8505053375 - nitin332709@gmail.com - linkedin.com/in/nitinsain20 - github.com/Nitin326 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: C/C++, Javascript, Typescript, NodeJs Technology and Tools: NestJs, ExpressJS, MVC, Prisma and Drizzle ORM, React, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, RESTful APIs, DSA, Git, Docker Databases : MySQL, Postgresql, MongoDB WORK EXPERIENCE Backend Developer Atriina Technology, Maharashtra, India  Develop and maintain robust microservices using NestJS, handling all aspects from API design to deployment, June 2023 - Present resulting in a scalable and seamless system that enhances user experience.  Work with cross-functional teams to design and deploy innovative backend solutions, improving system efficiency and user satisfaction.  Exposure : NodeJs, NestJs, Typescript, Postgres, Prisma, Drizzle. Frontend Developer Intern KCTT Technology Private Limited, Delhi, India  Designed and developed responsive web pages using ReactJS, ensuring seamless functionality across various September 2022 - December 2022 screen sizes and devices.  Gained hands-on experience in React, Material-UI by implement user-friendly interfaces, enhancing overall user experience and engagement. Web Development and Design Intern The Spark Foundation, Rajasthan, India  Designed and developed a responsive website themed around donations, utilizing HTML, CSS, Javascript and October 2021 - November 2021 Bootstrap. PROJECTS  ART 2 HIRE - A Job Platform, The app allows job seekers to create profiles, upload resumes, search for jobs, and submit applications, while employers can post jobs, manage applications, and track job performance. Built with NestJS, TypeORM, PostgreSQL, and Passport for robust authentication and data management, ensuring a secure and seamless user experience. GitHub  Shopping Cart, The platform offers detailed product listings, advanced search and filtering, and a user-friendly shopping cart, ensuring a smooth and enjoyable shopping experience. Built with React.js for the frontend and Node.js with Express.js for the backend. Github  Shikshak-Shaakha, The platform facilitates seamless interaction between students and teachers, promoting a collaborative educational environment.Built with Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB. GitHub EDUCATION Rajasthan Technical Universiry BTech in Electrical Engineering (CGPA - 9.28) CERTIFICATION  Deploying Cloud Application with NodeJs and React Link  Problem Solving through Programming in C Link  Structured Query Language Link ACHIEVEMENTS  Frontend Hackathon Winner Organised by Girlscript Chapter Bilaspur.  Solve 300+ on coding platform Leetcode, GFG.  Executive member in Robotics Club. Kota, Rajasthan, IN June 2019 - May 2023