Delhi-NCR 2021 - Present Gorakhpur 2018 - 2020 Gorakhpur 2017 - 2018 June 2023 - July 2023 Oct 2023 Deeksha Gupta (cid:135) Github | Linkdin | deeksha.2125cs1168@kiet.edu | (cid:211) +91-8187965188 Education KIET Group of Institutions (AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Course work- Data structure and Alogrithm,DBMS Divine Public School (CBSE) Senior Secondary RPM Academy(CBSE) High School Experience IBM Skilled Build Program Flutter Development Intern Devcamp AR/VR Bootcamp  Developed a leading monitoring and self-management app for emotional well-being and coping with mental illnesses like depression, anxiety, insomnia, and eating disorders.  Worked on the project "Mental Fitness Tracker" focusing on Android development.  Learned AR/VR using UnityHub.  Demonstrated commitment to continuous learning and skill improvement through dedicated participation in the boot- camp program. CodEdge Graphics intern- Paid internship  Handle the product design of their website.  My role is as Graphics designer and UI/UX for their website. Kinesis Technical Society (PR Lead) Flutter Development Coordinator Aug 2023-Nov 2023 2022 - Present  Led a team of +15 student developers, ensuring efficient project exhibition,mentored and guided students in Android app development projects.  Participated in regular meetings, brainstormed ideas, and provided feedback and bring sponsorships to society in tech events.  Managed and curated social media accounts, organized tech events, and enhanced engagement and knowledge sharing, building the societys reputation. Projects PUSTAK | Flutter, UI/UX,Firebase ,API Team Project- 2 members  App for people who want an interface for lending and borrowing books.  My role is as Android developer using Flutter , Firebase connection and design UI/UX of the project  Designed for college students, with AR/VR used for authentication.  Aimed to make educational resources like books and stationery freely or inexpensively available. April 2023 - December 2023 July 2023 - Present JANAK | Flutter, UI/UX,Firebase,Google API Team Project- 5 memebers  My role is as Android developer using Flutter , Firebase connection and design UI/UX of the project  An app providing guidance to parents regarding their childs development.  Uses API calls to help parents understand their childs current mental, physical, and cognitive situations. Technical Skills  Programming languages: Java, SQL, Dart  Frameworks: Flutter, Firebase, Figma  Developer Tools: GitHub, VSCode, Visual Studio, Android Studio, IntelliJ IDEA, IOS, Google Cloud Platform,AWS. Achievements and Activity  Demonstrated advanced coding proficiency by successfully solving 200+ coding challenges across various platforms, show- casing a comprehensive understanding of diverse programming concepts Have 5 star on Hackerrank and 150+ solved DSA questions at leetcode .  Earned various Certificates from LinkedIn, an AWS certificate, and a Cisco Network Tracer certificate.  Participated in multiple Hackathons and Ideathons.  Co-ordinated Innotech23, an inter-institute technical fest, as a member of a 15+ team.  Won first place at KIET Group of Institutions and second runner-up at IIM Kashipur for dance performances.  Lead a technical club to participate in a cultural fest, guiding 20+ non-dancer students to dance and successfully participate.