PRANJAL PANDEY +91-6390989868 pranjal.pandey104@gmail.com LinkedIn Dear Hiring Manager, As I approach the completion of my Bachelor of Technology in IT July'25, I am eager to gain further exposure in the eld related software developments and apply my academic knowledge to solve real-world problems. I am particularly interested in opportunities related to software development and engineering both front-end and back- end. Throughout my studies, I have worked on projects involving machine learning and front-end development, and I am currently expanding my skills in back-end development. I have a solid foundation in Java, Python, and JavaScript, coupled with a strong grasp of data structures and algorithms. Additionally, I possess leadership qualities and a commitment to delivering high-quality work, always striving for excellence in every task I undertake. I am dedicated to continuous self-improvement and consistently seek to enhance the quality of my work. I am actively seeking opportunities, whether as an intern or a full-time employee, to contribute my skills and grow within a professional environment. I am condent that this will be a mutually benecial experience, allowing both of us to thrive together. Thanks, Pranjal.  Pranjal Pandey Varanasi - 2 21007, Uttar Pradesh, India (+91) 6390989868| pranjal.pandey104@gmail.com | linkedin.com | github.com Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology St. Johns School, Varanasi. Senior Secondary Examination, St. Johns School, Varanasi Secondary Examination Skills and Achievements. 2021-2025 2020-2021 2018-2019 Java, Python, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, Database, Machine Learning. Experience Walmart USA Advanced Software Engineering Virtual Experience Program  Completed the Advanced Software Engineering Job Simulation where I solve difficult technical projects for a variety of teams at Walmart.  Engineered a proprietary heap data structure in Java for Walmart's shipping department, enhancing algorithm efficiency by 40% and reducing processing time by 25%, demonstrating advanced algorithmic proficiency. Accenture North America Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation  Conducted a detailed simulation advising a hypothetical social media client, analyzing user engagement data to recommend strategies that could potentially boost user retention rates by 25% .  Cleaned, modelled and analyzed 7 datasets to uncover insights into content trends to inform strategic decisions.  Created a PowerPoint presentation and accompanying video to effectively convey critical insights to clients and internal stakeholdes. Web Development Training at Internshala.  Developed responsive e-commerce website with React.js. Implemented Node.js, optimized SEO/performance.  Improved project efficiency by 20%, resolved API issues, and created documentation.  Utilized HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git. Projects Blockchain Based E-Voting System Link  Led a team of 5 developers in designing and developing a blockchain-based voting system on the Ethereum platform.  Ensuring transparency and tamper-proof records. Implemented smart contracts using Solidity and deployed them on Ethereum and used MetaMask wallet to store Ethereum . Reduced operational costs by optimizing blockchain transactions, improving efficiency and scalability. E-Commerce Site Link  Managed end-to-end operations of an e-commerce platform, ensuring seamless functionality and a positive user experience. Utilized a combination of technical expertise and strategic thinking to drive online sales and enhance customer satisfaction.  User Experience Enhancement: The design of the website's interface, incorporating responsive design principles and improving navigation, used GSAP is an industry standard JavaScript animation library from GreenSock that lets you craft high-performance animations that work in every major browser. Certifications - Coursera  Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Java Programming: Arrays, Lists, and Structured Data  Python for Data Science, AI & Development  Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python Extracurricular Engagement  Solved 100+ Coding Problems on Code360  Participated in IIIT Delhi Hackathon  Hackcog  Volunteered in New Delhi Youth Summit  2023  Google Cloud Facilitator Program - 2021