Shivakant SUMMARY +91-7007490616 - shivakant11gupta@gmail.com - LinkedIn Profile - Github Profile  Aspiring Data Scientist with proficiency in Python. Eager to apply analytical skills and learn new technologies to drive data-driven solutions. Strong communication and teamwork abilities, committed to continuous growth in the field of data science. EDUCATION National Institute of Technology, Nagaland Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering TECHNICAL SKILLS 2020-2024 CGPA: 8.9/10 Programming Languages: Python, Data Structures , OOPs Libraries and Tools: MS-Excel, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Tableau, Seaborn, Scikit-learn, Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, OpenCV, Streamlit, Flask, Selenium, Beautiful Soap, Git, GitHub, AWS, Mongo DB and SQL. Data Engineering: Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Processing, Feature Engineering. AI/ML Specializations: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural language Processing(NLP), Hugging Face ,Fine-tuning, Generative AI , LLM Models , RAG and LangChain. WORK EXPERIENCE Data Science Engineer Fayredge June 2024 - Aug 2024  Assisted in the implementation and integration of algorithms for product development, collaborating with the team to set up a sentiment analysis engine using LLM models(Clause 3.5 sonnet  Designed, developed, and deployed impactful NLP and machine learning models.  Applied model optimization techniques for enhanced accuracy and real-time performance.  Collaborated with DevOps to assist in the deployment of models, ensuring they were production-ready and optimized for use Artificial Intelligence Intern BotGauge AI  Integrate existing large language models(OpenAI) into testing framework  Collaborate with development team to customize AI solutions for testing requirements.  Analyze test results and improve accuracy and efficiency of AI models.Document integration process and model Jan 2024 - April 2024 enhancements. Artificial Intelligence Intern Hamsi Marketing Pvt. Ltd.  Analyzed data patterns and trends, providing valuable insights to facilitate informed decision-making processes  Developed cutting-edge AI models and algorithms to drive innovation and efficiency within the marketing sector.  Contributed to the design and implementation of AI-based solutions, optimizing business operations and productivity. Data Science Intern Innomatics Research Labs  Conduct data cleaning and preprocessing tasks on large datasets.Develop and maintain data visualizations and dashboards  Assist in developing and implementing machine learning models.Contribute to the development of best practices for data Feb 2023 -May 2023 Oct 2023 - Dec 2023 science projects PROJECTS  Prediction of Bio diesel Properties from Fatty Acid Composition using ML Techniques and ANN : This project focused on predicting and evaluating the properties of biodiesel based on its fatty acid composition, utilizing Artificial Neural Network (ANN) techniques.  RAG Project for Question-Answering System : This project uses Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) pipelines to enhance complex question-answering by leveraging LLMs to break down queries and retrieve relevant information from a marketing data, demonstrating improved accuracy and efficiency in natural language processing. GitHub  Gender and Age Prediction - Image Classification - CNN : Implemented Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) to accurately classify and predict gender and age from input images. Demonstrated the application of deep learning in image-based demographic analysis. GitHub  Amazon Fine Food Review : Analyzed and categorized customer reviews of food products on Amazon, providing insights into product quality and consumer preferences. Utilized sentiment analysis and data mining techniques for comprehensive analysis. GitHub EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Event Coordinator in Mechanical Club - Coordinated diverse activities for NIT Nagalands Techno-Cultural Fest-Ekarikthin,including Mud-Race and more  Assistant General Secretary of Mechanical Club, NIT Nagaland - Aug 2022-May 2023  General Secretary of Mechanical Club, NIT Nagaland - May 2023-Dec 2023