Abhinav Verma abhinavverma@outlook.in 08700048799 Gurugram,Haryana LinkedIn Professional Experience SDE Intern Scalability Engineers Pvt. Ltd. Database Design and Development: Developed various database objects such as tables, functions, stored procedures, triggers, and views using T-SQL as per requirements. SQL Query Optimization: Improved query performance by analyzing and optimizing T-SQL and SQL queries, leading to a 20% decrease in execution time and a 15% boost in database efficiency. Technical Proficiency: Gained proficiency in using MSSQL Server and SQL Server Management Studio for database management and development. Education BTech CSE Manipal University Jaipur Currently in 7th Semester (4th year) CBSE Class 12th Meenakshi Public School 87% CBSE Board CBSE Class 10th Meenkashi Public School 78% CBSE Board Projects 06/2024  08/2024 Dehradun, Uttarakhand 2021  2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan 2021 Gurugram, Haryana 2019 Gurugram, Haryana Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR)| Python,Machine learning,YOLOv8,OCR,Flask. -Developed and deployed an automatic number plate recognition system using YOLOv8 and OpenCV OCR; -Then integrated it into a web application with Flask, achieving 95% license plate recognition accuracy and reducing manual entry by 80%. Teachers Record Management System| HTML5,CSS3,Javascript,PHP -Engineered a user-friendly web application with XAMPP to streamline teacher record management, enhancing communication, which led to a 40% improvement in data accuracy and operational efficiency for staff. Plant disease Classification Using Domain Adaptive Feature Extraction(Unpublished)| Python,ML -Fine-tuned ResNet50 model that achieved a validation accuracy of 94% and a test accuracy of 92% using custom large dataset outperforming the direct ResNet50 model, which achieved 92% validation accuracy and 91% test accuracy. Courses and Certificates Design and analysis of algorithm by NPTEL FinTech and the Transformation in Financial Services MATLAB Onramp Information Theory and Error Control Coding Crash Course By UDEMY Cisco Networking Academy -CCNAv7 : Switching ,Routing, and Wireless Essentials -CCNAv7 : Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation ORACLE Academy Database Foundations Getting Started with Enterprise-grade AI Issued by IBM Technical Skills Languages: C++, Python, HTML5/CSS3, MySQL, Js, ReactJs, T-SQL. Concepts: Machine Learning, Data Structure and Algorithms, Operating System, Cryptography, Software Engineering, Computer Networks, RDBMS, Engineering Mathematics, Principles of Secure Programming, CyberSecurity. Extra-Curricular Activities Conducted 5+ interviews for junior batch, as Assistant Coordinator of the Training Committee of TPC MUJ 2024. Volunteered in NSS (National Service Scheme), Manipal University Jaipur (2021-2022), contributing over 80+ service hours. Led a team of 30+ volunteers during a successful blood donation camp organized by Rotaract of Manipal University Jaipur. Contributed to the planning and execution of Onerios 2023, the largest annual fest at Manipal University Jaipur.