Rishita Srivastava Full Stack Developer Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh rishitasrivastava04@gmail.com github.com/rishita1304 linkedin.com/in/rishita1304 rishita-srivastava.vercel.app As an aspiring fullstack web and app developer, proficient in MERN stack, Next.js, and React Native, along with a solid foundation in C++ and JavaScript, I bring hands-on experience and a strong problem-solving aptitude to deliver high-quality software products with precision. SKILLS Languages: C/C++ JavaScript Typescript Python Java Lib/Frameworks: Next.js React.js Redux React Native Node.js Express.js Prisma OAuth Developer Tools: VS Code Android Studio Postman Git Vercel Netlify Render Databases: MongoDB MySQL Firebase PostgreSQL POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY Project Coordinator Big Data Centre of Excellence Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh September 2022 - Present Worked with a team of four developers to build the official website of Big Data Center Of Excellence, streamlining the current processes. Planned and organized more than six events, including workshops, hackathons, and coding contests for college students, with an average of 250 participants per event. EXPERIENCE Full-Stack Developer Intern Janatig Pvt. Ltd. Remote, Uttar Pradesh August 2023 - October 2023 Developed an Assessment Platform serving over 500 students, utilizing socket programming for dynamic leaderboards, resulting in a 25% increase in user engagement. Implemented load balancing strategies to ensure 90% uptime, even during peak usage, providing a reliable exam experience. PROJECTS ImaginAI - AI-based SaaS platform Visit An AI powered image proceesing platform that consolidates advanced image processing tools, secure payment integration, and robust search capabilities, empowering users to effortlessly enhance, manipulate, and manage visual content. Tech Stack: Next.js, OpenAI, Clerk, Stripe, MongoDB ApnaSafar - Hotel Booking Website Visit It simplifies hotel booking with its intuitive interface and comprehensive listings. It aggregates offerings from various hotels and resorts, allowing users to seamlessly search, compare, and reserve accommodations. Tech Stack: React.js, Multer, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB UpDriven - Carpooling platform Visit It facilitates eco-friendly transportation by connecting drivers and passengers for shared rides. Say goodbye to traffic congestion and carbon emissions with this innovative carpooling solution. Tech Stack: OAuth, Socket.io, React.js, Node.js E-Shoppers - E-Commerce store Visit It offers a seamless online shopping experience, featuring a diverse range of products and secure transaction capabilities. From electronics to fashion, customers can explore and purchase items with confidence. Tech Stack: React.js, Redux, Node.js, MongoDB, Firebase EDUCATION Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science Current SGPA (Avg.) - 8.2 Courses: Data Structures, Algorithms, DBMS, OS St. Patrick's Sr. Sec. School Senior Secondary - Intermediate Percentage - 90.2% Active member of Discipline Committee and Dance club ACHIEVEMENTS Achieved a Top 5 position in the ByteVerse Hackathon hosted by NIT Patna in 2023. Mentored and organized technical events, contributing to the growth and development of our college. Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh November 2021 - July 2025 Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh March 2019 - March 2020