MAYANK MISHRA COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING STUDENT # mayankmihsra3214@gmail.com (cid:239) www.linkedin.com/in/mayank-mishra-98198b225 (cid:84)9889666913 Summary With expertise in Full-Stack Mern development using MongoDB, Node.js, and React, I specialize in crafting innovative and scalable solutions. Proficient in backend development with Node.js and MongoDB and adept at creating dynamic user interfaces with React, I am dedicated to delivering high-quality, cutting-edge solutions that drive success in the digital realm. Education KIET group of institutions,AKTU Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, 8.14 GPA Kendriya Vidyalaya,BEG XII 84 Percent Kendriya Vidyalaya,N0.3 X 88.2 Percent Skills Summary Ghaziabad,Uttar Pradesh Sept 2021 - Mar 2025 Pune, Maharashtra 2020 Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh 2018 Languages :C,Python,Java,javascript,HTML,CSS,UI/UX,react js,node.js,javascript,express.js,mongoDB Database :MySQL,Oracle Tools: GIT, Github, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Figma,webflow Power Skills :Event Management,Public Speaking,leadership,Interpersonal Skills Internships Front-End developer Oasis infobytes offered me a front end development internship where i learnt much about hoew actually websites work and function. Sales Executive: worked with igniteX solutions Pvt Ltd. where i was able to make impact in in sales department and overall success pf the organisation Sales Development intern,Movidu Technologies:currently working as the sales development intern where we have to generate leads according to the market and the product avilability learnt how to interact with clients and Google analytics to track the progress Projects Tesla.com Clone Mar 2024  To create a clone of the Tesla website, I started by structuring the layout using HTML. This involved setting up a fixed header with the Tesla logo and navigation links, a full-screen hero section to showcase the latest Tesla model, and individual sections for each Tesla product. Ayur Solutions(Medibot) Sept 2023  Image Capture: A feature allowing users to capture photos of plants using their devices camera or select images from the gallery. Plant Recognition: This feature should list possible matches or a confidence score for accuracy. Plant Information Display: A basic interface to display information about the identified plant, including its name, classification, and brief details. developed a website for the same. Online Shoe Store Nov 2022  Product listings display shoes with options to filter and sort by size, color, and price, providing a convenient browsing experience. Each product detail page includes high-quality images, detailed descriptions, a size guide, and customer reviews, helping users make informed decisions. The design is responsive, ensuring a consistent and attractive experience across desktops, tablets, and mobile devices. Leadership and achievement  participated in the biggest entrepreneurship challenge of India NEC organised by IIT Bombay. secured 28th position  Conducted hult prize 2022 with success in campus  Part of Core Team at E-Cell KIET, organized one of the biggest events of college i.e. Endeavour22, Endeavour23 Co-curricular and Hobbies  Anchor of the Colleges biggest Fest Epoque@prastuti-2k23  Part of colleges basketball team 22-23, Ecell -