N.Keventh Reddy  Keventh Reddy |  Keventh Reddy | # Keventh Reddy | H 8121982679 Summary Highly motivated Computer Science and Engineering student with a strong foundation in software development, algorithms, and data structures. Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Java, and C++.Demonstrated ability to work on collaborative projects and adapt to new technologies. Passionate about blockchain technology and its applications, including developing a blockchain-based crowdfunding platform. Excellent problem-solving skills and a keen interest in continuous learning and innovation. Work Experience UROP,Scheduling algorithms in real time systems Aug 2023 - Dec 2023 Developed and implemented scheduling algorithms for real-time systems, ensuring efficient Implemented task scheduling strategies tailored for heterogeneous computing environments,  allocation of system resources while meeting stringent timing constraints.  considering diverse processing capabilities and resource constraints.  effectiveness of scheduling algorithms, ensuring compliance with realtime requirements.  algorithms to facilitate knowledge sharing and future enhancements. Conducted thorough performance analysis and benchmarking to validate the effciency and Documented design decisions, implementation details, and performance metrics for scheduling Projects Blockchain based CrowdFunding Platform click here Enhanced Transparency and Security: Utilized blockchain technology to create a transparent and secure environment for transactions, significantly reducing the risk of fraud and increasing user trust. Automated Funding Processes: Developed and implemented smart contracts to automate the release of funds, ensuring they are disbursed only when specific project milestones are met, thus protecting the interests of backers. Decentralized Fundraising: Enabled decentralized for intermediaries, facilitating direct interactions between project creators and backers, and reducing associated costs. Tokenization and Liquidity: Introduced tokenization for project-specific tokens that backers can purchase, trade, and utilize, providing liquidity and investment opportunities. Technologies Used: Blockchain, MERN Stack, TailWind CSS, Web3.js, Full stack,Payment Gateways fundraising by eliminating the need Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th TSBIE Board 2021 Skills Class 10th TSBSE Telangana Board Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Java Web Technolgies:Node.js, React.js, Express.js, HTML, CSS Operating Systems: Windows, Linux Software Tools: GitHub, Gitversion control Last updated: June 28, 2024 (GPA:7.38/10) (96.6%) (98%)