NAMAN GUPTA +91 7976417391  Jaipur, Rajasthan, India namang2510@gmail.com  https://www.linkedin.com/in/naman-gupta-6120J/  https://github.com/NaMan6122 INTRODUCTION Aspiring Software Engineer with Over 2 Years of Experience in Full-Stack Development and Open Source. Seeking Full-Time Software Development Roles and Internship Opportunities. EDUCATION Bachelor Of Computer Science, Manipal University Jaipur, CGPA upto 6th sem- 7.82. Expected 2025 Relevant Coursework: System Design And Architecture, Data Structures And Algorithms, Relational Database Management Systems, Computer Networks, Secure Design Of Software Systems, SDLC. Senior Secondary, Jayshree Periwal High School, Jaipur, CBSE with 82 percentage. Secondary, Jayshree Periwal High School. Jaipur, CBSE with 90 percentage. March, 2021 March, 2019 SKILLS Programming Skills: Java, Python, C++, Dart, JavaScript, TypeScript, React DOM, Tailwind CSS, HTML. Tech Stack and Frameworks: MERN, Next.js with NestJS, Django, Flask, RESTful API, PostgreSQL. Soft Skills and Communication:, Active Listener, Problem-Solving, Adaptability, Teamwork, Critical Thinking. EXPERIENCE Problem Solving And Optimization Platform: Leetcode, CodeStudio, CodeForces. Jan 2023- Present Jaipur, Rajasthan  Proficiency in Java, C++ and Python Core Concepts, Development of Logical and Programming Skills.  Program Optimization and Enhancement Skills, with Wide Knowledge of Data Structures and Algorithms. WatchTube-Backend A Complex Backend Server, Built Using MongoDB, Express and Node.js. May 2024 - Present Jaipur, Rajasthan  Basic functionalities, Such as User Registration, Login, and Profile Updates, Have Been Implemented.  Complex Functionalities, Such as User Watch History and Channel Subscriber Count, Have Been Worked On.  Improvised and Enhanced the Backend Resulting in Lower Response Times. PROJECTS MyChatApp: A comprehensive full-stack application developed using Next.js, with a custom backend server built on MongoDB, Express, and Node.js. The application utilizes Socket.io for seamless real-time data transfer between the frontend and backend, facilitating one-on-one chats. Users can easily log in and add existing users to their chats with just a few clicks. Future enhancements for this app include implementing file uploads and transfers, enabling group creation, and introducing additional advanced functionalities. WatchTube: A robust backend server built with Express, Node.js, and MongoDB, offering advanced functionalities such as profile customization with images, user watch history, channel subscriber count, and tweet integration. Many of these features leverage MongoDB Aggregation Pipelines to provide powerful data processing capabilities. The future scope of this project includes the development of a dynamic frontend and the incorporation of additional modern features similar to those found on platforms like YouTube and Dailymotion. CERTIFICATIONS  Backend Developement and APIs by FreeCodeCamp.