Bhanu Chaudhary 8700849942 | bhanuchaudhary2001@gmail.com | github.com/Nitro117 TECHNICAL SKILLS C, C++, Python, SQL, Power BI, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, 3JS, TensorFlow, Keras and Blender. PROJECTS Pizza Sales Report Dashboard Data Analytics Project March 2024  May 2024 SQL, MySQL, SQL Server Management Studio, and Power BI  Created a comprehensive report dashboard providing insights into a pizza shops business performance over one year.  This project integrates various data sources such as sales gures, customer demographics, product performance, and operational metrics like popular pizza sizes. The dashboard provides several key features: Daily and monthly Trends for total orders, Percentage of Sales by pizza category, Pizza size, and pizza category. Top and bottom 5 sellers by revenue, quantity, and total orders. Web App for Plant Leaf Disease Detection Image Processing and Deep Learning January 2024  March 2024 HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, Flask, CNN, ResNet50, Tensorow, and Keras.  Attained a 94% accuracy rate on a deep learning CNN model with 84,000-image dataset.  Actively improving the model to include comprehensive disease details and treatment options for identied diseases, and providing actionable steps for effective disease management. Coffee Shop Website (Front-end) Front-end Web Development April 2023  June 2023 HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and JavaScript.  Developed an animated coffee shop website to enhance web development skills as a practice project. Implemented the front end using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a visually appealing and interactive user experience.  Gained a wide understanding of front-end technologies and their practical application in web development. EXPERIENCE Salesforce CRM Developer Internship Developer Intern July 2024  Ongoing  Learning to develop and customize CRM (Customer Relationship Management) applications on the Salesforce platform.  Gaining prociency in Salesforce architecture, APEX programming, and various Salesforce components.  Enhancing skills in cloud-based CRM solutions to improve business processes and customer relationship management. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B-Tech (Hons.) in Computer Science Engineering with AI and ML  CGPA - 8.10 Jaipur, India Aug 2021  May 2025 ACHIEVEMENTS AND CERTIFICATIONS  Codeforces Rating - 1133  CodeChef Rating - 1565  Selected for smart India hackathon 2022  Database Foundations on Oracle  Design and Analysis Of Algorithms course on NPTEL  Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation on Cisco Networking academy  Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials on Cisco Networking Academy HOBBIES  Computer Hardware  Learning Japanese  Traditional, 2D, and 3D Animation  Motion Graphics  Image and Video Editing  Digital Art  Drawing and Sketching  Listening to classical piano and violin compositions  Reading novels