Om Ugale om.s.ugale@gmail.com +91 9619540239 07/10/2002 Navi Mumbai, India github.com/osugale linkedin.com/in/osugale ABOUT ME Having recently graduated with a Bachelor's in Engineering, I into coding projects and am highly motivated to dive continuously expand my knowledge. Proficient in Java, I also possess skills in Python, HTML, CSS, SQL, and using data analysis tools. With a strong commitment to learning, I am dedicated to enhancing my programming expertise and mastering new technologies.I am eager to contribute my skills to innovative projects and grow within a dynamic IT environment. EDUCATION WORK EXPERIENCE Bachelor of Engineering, Mumbai University 2020  2024 Computer Engineering Class XII, Dr. DY Patil Junior College 2020 62.15% Class X, DAV International School 2018 84.20% EXTRA- CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Coordinator for NPTEL Swayam ACPCE. Member of Training & Placement Committee. Participated and won multiple video game and football events at the college level. Participated and represented our college at Aavishkar Mumbai 2023, and published a research paper at ICATM 2024. Intern (Front-End & Back-End Developer), Suvidha Foundation 2022  2023 Throughout the duration of my internship, I actively contributed to different components of the website, gaining hands-on experience in diverse aspects of web development. I undertook responsibilities encompassing both front-end and back-end tasks, utilizing my proficiency in CSS and JavaScript. Internship Completion Certificate PROJECTS Breathing Exercise App For Android, JAVA 2022 Built a Java-based Android app with a user-friendly interface for users of all ages, the application offering a variety of breathing & yoga exercises. The application was made using most of the OOP concepts of JAVA and with the use of some pre-defined classes. Emulated Steering Wheel, Python 2023 Created a virtual control system using webcam-based hand movement recognition to enhance immersion and accuracy in driving simulator/games. A trained model was used in order to accurately capture the hand movement. Big Data Social Media Analysis with Semantic Analysis, AWS/Python Analyzed vast amounts of data of various types using multiple data analysis tools such as AWS, Spark, Flask, etc., which were extracted from multiple social media sources. Visualized the data and performed semantic analysis to gain more meaningful insights. Presented as part of Aavishkar-2023 and ICATM-2024. INTERESTS SKILLS Software Development, Web Development, Competitive Coding, Data Science, Game Development, App Development ORGANIZATIONS Earthen Routes Community Farm, Volunteer 2022  present | Navi Mumbai, India Volunteering at Earthen Routes Community Farm as a farmhand since 2022 and continue to planning volunteering from time to time going forward. JAVA Spring Boot Data Structures And Algorithms C# .NET HTML CSS Python Machine Learning API Integration AWS Data Science SQL CERTIFICATES Java Programming Masterclass (Udemy) Acquired foundational Java knowledge, focusing on object- oriented programming (OOP) through Udemy coursework. Completed coding exercises and projects to reinforce skills, inheritance, polymorphism, covering key encapsulation, and abstraction. topics like Python (Kaggle) Learned Python basics and advanced concepts, focusing on libraries like OpenCV for computer vision and PyGame for game development. Explored advanced topics like OOP, data manipulation, and algorithmic problem-solving for real-world applications. Hour Of Code (Mojang/Amazon) Exercises in logic building and game development enhanced my understanding of backend processes. By exploring game loop design, collision detection algorithms, and AI programming, I gained practical insights into creating immersive gaming experiences. Practical Cisco Networking Labs In Cisco Packet Tracer Gained hands-on experience in Routing, Switching, and Cisco IOS command line operations.Explored Layer Ether Channel configurations, Static Routing, and implemented various Routing protocols for efficient network management. ||||||||||||