Priyanshi Saxena +91-9599432164 | Email | LinkedIn EDUCATION Course College / University B.Tech (I.T.) CBSE (Class XII) ICSE (Class X) Krishna Institute of Engineering and Technology Delhi Public School Ghaziabad St Marys Convent School Year 2025 2021 2019 CGPA / % 7.25 93 91.2 INTERNSHIPS Human Resources Intern | Inpac Times | Remote Sept 2023 - Oct 2023  Facilitated comprehensive interviews through multiple channels, including face-to-face, telephone, and Zoom; streamlined the candidate selection process by 30% and enhanced overall hire quality by 20%  Recruited 15+ Journalism Interns that ensured the creating and circulation of articles that make the public aware about the governance of the country and delivered sustainable solutions for the betterment of the society.  Hired 10+ Web Story Interns that provided them a platform to express their creative, visually engaging, and mobile-friendly narratives. PROJECTS  Data Indexing Technique for Broadcasting the Data on Wireless Channels - Major Project  Researched about advance data indexing techniques for broadcasting the data on wireless channels.  Used XML technology for data-indexing.  Handwritten Digit Recognition on MNIST dataset  The MNIST dataset is often used as a benchmark dataset and it consists of 28x28 pixel grayscale images of handwritten digits (0 through 9) along with their corresponding labels.  Utilized libraries like TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and scikit-learn. POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY  Skill Eliters | Host / Volunteer Jun 2023 - Present  Hosted a webinar, where professionals from Canada were invited in order to provide their insights on "Why most of the start-ups end up failing?".  Anchored events in which our community collaborated with various other inter-college communities from all over India.  TedXKiet | Content Writer / Volunteer Oct 2022 - May 2023  Volunteered an event called "Asmita - The Identity of Self" where 5 esteemed speakers from all over the country were invited to speak about their inspiring life journeys.  Provided content for the "Introductory video of TedX Kiet" and drafted the speech of Chahat Anand - Food Blogger. CERTIFICATIONS / COURSES  Data Analyst Skillpath: Zero to Hero in Excel, SQL and Python - Udemy OTHER INFORMATION  Technical Skills & Tools: Excel, MySql, Python, Css, Html.  Content Creator: At Senselessbutter on Instagram.  Worked as a Social Media Marketer at Social Parindey.  Managed a team of 4, for conducting an Informational Interview with a working professional of J.P. Mor- gan.