NAROTTAM CHOUDHARY F U L L STACK DEV E L O P E R Delhi,India Narottam2363@gmail.com +91 9555380018 https://narottam.vercel.app LinkedIn Twitter /  GitHub Narottamchy Profile Summary MERN full-stack developer with 4+ years of experience with a passion for building innovative and user-friendly web applications. I have experience creating high-quality websites from scratch. Technical Skills Relevant Skill Frontend: ReactJs, NextJs14, Javascript, Typescript Tailwind CSS, ShadCn UI Backend: Node.js, Express.js, Next Js, Graph QL Devops: AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes Database: MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL Work Experience Adaptibility Problem Solving Communication Management Senior Software Engineer (SSE) Growth Metaverse Private Limited Dec 2023 - Present Successful development of high-quality web applications from conceptualization to deployment. Elevated team proficiency by providing mentorship, fostering a culture of continuous learning, and emphasizing good programming practices, resulting in a 50% acceleration of the website development process. Proven ability to troubleshoot and debug complex issues, enabled the Robust API and Lazy loading in Next Js leading to 40% reduce loading time of the website. Initiated AWS deployments for enhanced scalability, optimizing project execution with key services. Software Engineer (SE) ThinkRoman Ventures LLP Aug 2023 - Dec 2023 Led end-to-end application development as a Software Engineer at ThinkRoman developed professional responsive websites like TrCare and ThinkRoman Academy from ideation to deployment. Applied industry-best practices to optimize processes and improve overall functionality of websites by 80%. Spearheaded the migration of a Next.js 12 website to Next.js 15, resulting in a 70% improvement in site loading times and significant gains in SEO ranking. Implemented Sanity CMS, leading to a 65% increase in content creation speed and leveraged Supabase. Software Engineer (SE) Aivinya Nov 2022 - Jan 2023 Conceived, designed, and developed a compelling homepage that increased user engagement by 65% and boosted conversion rates by 35%. Efficiently implemented complex UI designs using Tailwind's utility-first approach, streamlining development and maintaining code consistency. Utilized responsive design principles and best practices to ensure a seamless user experience across all devices. Softwa re Engineer Full-stack Developer(SE) Bizoally May 2021 - Aug 2023 Utilized ReactJs for frontend development, ensuring high-quality user interfaces and seamless user experiences. Leveraged Firebase and NodeJs for backend implementation, optimizing performance and scalability. Demonstrated effective leadership by efficiently leading a team of engineers throughout the project lifecycle. Achieved project objectives within established timelines and budget constraints, resulting in client satisfaction and positive feedback. Projects TeleChats - [Link] | [Code] | Frontend and Backend Development Tech Stack: React Js, Next Js 13, Tailwind Css, Node Js, Express Js, MongoDb, Web Sockets, WebRtc Safeguard your conversations with end-to-end encryption, guaranteeing complete privacy for every message. Instant Connection, Anywhere: Never miss a beat! Real-time messaging powered by WebRTC bridges any distance, keeping you close to loved ones globally. Education Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Bachelors of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AIML)