RATAN SEN SRIVASTAVA ratanshabh.7565@gmail.com| +91-7565934360 | github/ratan Enthusiastic and driven graduate seeking an opportunity to kick-start a rewarding career. Equipped with a solid grasp of Object-Oriented Programming, Front-end technologies. I am committed to embracing new challenges, learning from setbacks, and continuously evolving as a software engineer and to make meaningful contributions to the success of the team and the organization. EDUCATION Year Degree / Certificate Institute 2021  Present B.Tech  Information Technology Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida 2018  2019 Class XII - CBSE Kendriya Vidyalaya, Basti 2016  2017 Class X  CBSE Kendriya Vidyalaya, Basti TECHNICAL SKILLS Java | Python | Data Structure and Algorithms | Machine Learning | SQL Web Technologies: HTML | CSS | JAVASCRIPT | REACT EXPERIENCE Virtual Web Development Intern - CodeVerse . Implemented responsive web design techniques, improving mobile user experience by 30%.   Utilized technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.js.  Implemented responsive web design techniques, resulting in a 30% improvement in mobile user experience.  Developed and maintained 5+ web applications, enhancing functionality and user experience. Virtual Andriod Development Intern  Smartinternz  Develop a user-friendly food basket app for convenient grocery shopping and meal planning.  Technologies Used: Kotlin (Android development), Firebase (backend), Room (local database), Retrofit (API communication). Effective project management and leadership skills.  PROJECTS Crop Yield Prediction.  Developed an ANN model to forecast crop yields, improving agricultural productivity by 20%.  Designed and trained a 3-layer ANN using TensorFlow and Keras.   Achieved a 15% increase in yield prediction accuracy compared to traditional methods, Tuned hyperparameters to achieve an accuracy of 90%. enhancing crop decision-making for over 50 farmers. Online Chat Application.  Developed a real-time online chat application to enhance user communication by 30%.  Developed a responsive front-end interface using React.js, ensuring compatibility across  mobile and desktop devices. Integrated SQL database (PostgreSQL) for efficient message storage and retrieval, handling 15,000+ messages per day.