Punjab , India  +91-8075389103  akmalyasheenw@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/akmalyasheen SUMMARY As a third-year CSE student with a strong focus on cloud computing and an open minor in banking and finance, I offer a unique combination of technical and financial expertise. Over the years, my hands-on experience with advanced JavaScript and Java has fueled my enthusiasm to explore the dynamic field of technology. I am eager to work on projects involving data, testing, and cloud services. With strong communication and analytical skills, I am ready to contribute to innovative and impactful projects, leveraging my excellent verbal skills to maintain relevance in the ever-evolving landscape of technology. I am currently seeking an internship opportunity to further develop my skills and gain practical experience in the industry PROJECTS Diet plan Programming Languages : Python,HTML, CSS, Javascript Jan 2023 - Present Developed a Python script for personalized meal plans based on sport and gender, utilizing a predefined food database for quick nutrition calculations. Implemented functions for calculating meal nutrition and viewing the food database, with a user-friendly menu for easy navigation and interaction. Designed prompts for personal info input with validation for gender and sport, and included data visualization for enhanced user experience. Password Generator and Tester Programming languages : Java , SQL Mar 2021 - Dec 2022 Developed a Java-based application with a robust password generator and tester for enhanced online security. Implemented a GUI using Swing and java.awt, adhering to best practices for maintainability and error handling. Led a team to create essential classes: PasswordGenerator, PasswordTester, and PasswordGeneratorUI. AWS VPC Setup with Internet Gateway and NAT Gateway Created a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in AWS with public and private subnets,Internet Gateway, and NAT Gateway in a single availability zone. Configured route tables for proper routing and ensured secure traffic management between subnets. Leveraged AWS Management Console to design a robust and scalable network infrastructure. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills: Data Management, Software Testing, Cloud Computing, Web Devolpoment Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript , Linux, Python , MySQL, MongoDB, HTML, CSS Certifications: Web devolpment by Skill-Vertex IBM Cloud Essentional Application Development using Microservices and Serverles by IBM Building Scalable Java Microservices with Spring Boot and Spring Cloud by Google Cloud Blockchain Security by INFOSEC EDUCATION B.Tech in Computer Science and engineering Lovely Professional University | Jalandhar , Punjab , IN Specialization in Cloud Computing CGPA : 7.2 Higher Secondary Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan | Kannur, Kerala , IN CGPA : 7.1 Sept 2021 - July 2025 Jun 2019- Mar 2021 AKMAL MOHAMMED YASHEEN