Riya Gupta (cid:131) +91- 9528758434 # riyag4334@gmail.com Education  National Institute of Technology , Allahabad Civil Engineering/Bachelors Of Technology  Dayawati Modi School,Rampur CBSE, Uttar Pradesh  St.Marys Senior Secondary School CBSE, Uttar Pradesh Work Experience  Shadowfax Technologies  GitHub (cid:239) LinkedIn 2020-2024 7.24 CGPA 2019 Percentage: 78 2017 10 CGPA Control Tower Gurugram  Optimized backend operations using Zoho and Ecom-portal, reducing order processing time by 40% and mitigating losses through real-time inventory tracking, resulting in a 15% cost reduction.  Developed an off-skill metric to keep a record of total man-power trained to establish cross-functional collaboration.  Used Metabase - a BI tool for efficient data analysis , including the calculation of value of shipments. Personal Projects  Comfort Cove Tech Stack : Vite,React.js,Tailwind CSS,Javascript LIVE LINK  Project Link : riyatva/ComfortCove  Crafted an e-commerce furniture shop with Augmented Reality using Vectary for 3D models.  Achieved a responsive UI with Vite,React and Tailwind CSS enhancing real-world objects with computer generated perptual information.  Foody WE Tech Stack : MongoDB , React , ExpressJS, Javascript  Project Link : riyatva/FoodyWe  Accomplished features like Home page,Login/SignUp page and a Searchfeature to help users.  Built a Add to Cart functionality which help users to select the food items they want to order and add them to their cart. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C++, Javascript Developer Tools : HTML ,CSS, NodeJS, VSCode,Git,MongoDB,SQL,Excel,React,Tailwind CSS , Redux , Context API Area of Interest: DSA,OOPS,DBMS. Soft Skills: People Management,Project Management, Leadership,Team Work. Relevant Coursework Link Introduction to Generative AI Link Introduction to Large Language Models MERN FULL STACK DEVELOPMENT Data Structures And Algorithms Positions of Responsibility  Event Coordinator Avishkar Lead the Codigo event of Avishkar ( annual technical fest of MNNIT ) .  Quintessence Coordinator Dramatics Managed a team for the duration of 2 years and also led various stageplays during that tenure . Achievements - - Third position in Codigo : Coding event in Avishkar 2022. Silver Star holder in SQL Problem Solving on Hacker Rank Profile Link : Hacker Rank Second position in Crack The Case : Case Study event in Avishkar 2022 Solved 600+ problems on Leetcode GFG Qualified TCS NQT 2024 Digital Profile