KARTIK TANEJA B.Tech. - IT Email: kartiktaneja03@gmail.com Faridabad, Haryana, India - 121006 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kartiktaneja18/ BRIEF SUMMARY Dedicated and passionate B.Tech student in Information Technology with a strong foundation in front-end web development, problem- solving, and SQL. Demonstrates superior work ethic, teamwork, and organizational skills.Adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to create responsive and user-friendly web applications and to deliver high-quality projects on time. Committed to continuous learning and staying updated with the latest industry trends and best practices. KEY EXPERTISE Effective Communication Interpersonal Communication Leadership Skills Collaboration and Teamwork C++ SQL Front-End Web Development Data Structures EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech. - IT | CGPA: 9.15 / 10 Modern Delhi Public School, Faridabad 12th | CBSE | Percentage: 91.80 / 100 Modern Delhi Public School, Faridabad 10th | CBSE | Percentage: 90 / 100 AWARDS AND SCHOLARSHIPS 2021 - 2025 2021 2019 Recipient of Certificate of Excellence Award for 3rd Semester B.Tech. In Information Technology Recipient of Certificate of Excellence Award for 5th Semester B.Tech. In Information Technology PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Angel Hack Campus Ambassador (Remote) 19 Aug, 2022 - 19 Jun, 2023 Key Skills: Analytical Skills Community Development Teamwork - Collaborated with club leadership to identify and prioritize key events, developing targeted promotional strategies to increase visibility and engagement. - Worked with cross-functional teams to develop targeted outreach strategies, resulting in 25% increase in student participation. - Tracked and analyzed promotional activities with 4/5 event satisfaction rating based on 100+ response and averaging 75% of event attendance. - Utilized data insights to refine promotional strategies, making data-driven decisions to optimize results. IEEE SB MUJ Senior Promotions Coordinator 11 May, 2022 - 11 May, 2023 Key Skills: Leadership Skills Event Planning Analytical Skills Teamwork - Collaborated with club leadership to identify and prioritize key events, developing targeted promotional strategies to increase visibility and engagement. - Conceptualized and Execute promotional activities resulting in 30% increase in event attendance and 25% growth in club membership. - Utilized data insights to refine promotional strategies, making data-driven decisions to optimize results ICCT Student Organizer 22 Aug, 2022 - 25 Jan, 2023 Key Skills: Team Leadership Teamwork Organization - Contributed to high-performing teams, delivering results-driven projects and demonstrating collaborative mindsets. - Effectively communicated ideas, feedback, and project updates to team members resulting in clear understanding. - Applied data-driven insights to develop innovative solutions, resolving complex challenges (85% success rate). - Facilitated cross-functional collaboration, resulting increase in successful project outcomes and 25% increase in efficiency. INTERNSHIPS Prodigy InfoTech Web Development Intern 15 Jan, 2024 - 15 Feb, 2024 Key Skills: HTML CSS CSS Flexbox Javascript Problem Solving - Completed a comprehensive education internship program focused on web development, with a emphasis on Frontend Development. - Completed tasks as assigned in the task list document which provide strong understanding of frontend development fundamentals (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React) and ability to build responsive and interactive web applications. - Optimized frontend code achieving in 25% reduction in page load time and gained hands-on experience with React and creating responsive designs using CSS Grid and Flexbox. - Implemented design mockups and wireframes into functional web pages, ensuring consistency and responsiveness. PROJECTS Facebook Clone (Frontend) Team Size: 1 Key Skills: HTML CSS Tailwind CSS Javascript Project Link: https://github.com/KartikTaneja18/Facebook-Clone - Developed the basic outer structure of a Facebook clone using HTML, CSS, and Tailwind CSS. - Implemented layout and design elements to mimic the look of Facebook's interface. - Utilized Tailwind CSS for efficient and streamlined styling and added basic interactivity using minimal JavaScript. Microsoft Clone - Responsive Team Size: 1 Key Skills: HTML CSS Flexbox Tailwind CSS Responsiveness Project Link: https://github.com/KartikTaneja18/Microsoft-Clone--Responsive - Created a responsive clone of Microsoft's website banner, including the navigation bar and other functionalities using HTML, CSS, and Tailwind CSS. - Designed and implemented a layout that closely resembles Microsoft's interface focusing on creating a visually appealing, consistent, and structured user interface. - Utilized Tailwind CSS to achieve a clean and responsive design across various devices. PUBLICATIONS / RESEARCH / WHITE PAPERS Self-Healing Networks (Review Paper) No. of Authors: 2 - Conducted an in-depth study and authored a review paper to analyze 3 different routing protocols (OSPF, BGP, RIP) for self-healing networks. - Implemented and tested each protocol, collecting metrics on convergence time, network uptime and routing table size (30s, 99% and around 500 entries) for OSPF protocol. - Achieved a 5% reduction in recovery time, enhanced network stability by 25% and reduced packet loss by 15%. - Found out OSPF is generally the best option for self-healing networks due to its superior mix of scalability, resilience, and ease of usage. Fake Audio Detection (Review Paper) Mentor: Mr. Anurag Bhatnagar | No. of Authors: 2 - Analyzed 12 research papers on DeepFake Audio and authored comprehensive review focusing on accuracy, model complexity, and datasets used and evaluate existing approaches, identifying strengths and weaknesses of each model. - Presented findings at the HMRITM Delhi Conference, highlighting key insights and trends in the field. - Achieved accuracy of 94% with a loss value of 0.1399 for a model trained on a dataset for 10 epochs. Drive Link -: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12C2N5tThYerEhxyvo9YLtd6dJImEMCcZ?usp=sharing WEB LINKS / IMs Other - https://www.linkedin.com/in/kartik-taneja-933885237/ Github - https://github.com/KartikTaneja18 PERSONAL DETAILS Gender: Male Current Address: H.NO.893, SECTOR - 8, Faridabad, Haryana, India - 121006 Emails: kartiktaneja03@gmail.com , kartik.219302373@muj.manipal.edu Date of Birth: 29 Jun, 2003 Known Languages: English, Hindi Phone Number: +91-8287790046