 Sasidhar-peteti | (cid:239) Sasidhar Peteti | # sasidharpeteti@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9652593345 Sasidhar Peteti Summary Experienced frontend developer proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.js. Passionate about crafting user-friendly interfaces and translating design concepts into responsive web applications. Dedi- cated to continuous learning and innovation in the dynamic field of frontend development. Education 2021 - present Engineering in CSE at SRM University AP (GPA: 7.63/10) Specialization Big Data and Analytics Class 12th Board of Intermediate Education, AP Class 10th Board of Secondary Education, AP (Percentage: 90.3) (GPA: 9.8/10) 2021 2019 Skills Technical Skills : C, C++, Python, Java, SQL,HTML, CSS, React.js, Javascript, Machine Learning Git, Docker, Problem-solving, Data Structures, Algorithms Non Tech Skills : Effective Communication, Collaborative Team Player, Problem-solving, Time Man- agement, Adaptability, Strategic Thinking, Innovation, Risk Management. Work Experience Frontend Developer at VASCAN Solutins Sep 2023 - present Collaborated with design teams to develop dynamic user interfaces using React.js.Developed and optimized front-end features for web applications.Participated in code reviews to enhance development practices.kept up with front-end technology developments to implement best practices. Data Analyst Intern (APSSDC) Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 I set out on a two-month data journey with APSSDC, Utilized Python, pandas, numpy, and matplotlib to analyze and transform raw data into insightful narratives. Collaborated with teams to solve practical problems through data analysis, discovering untapped ideas. Projects Travel Buddy : Developed a responsive travel planning app with a user-friendly React.js interface and a robust Node.js/Express.js backend. Enabled seamless hotel and activity bookings using MongoDB and inte- grated real-time APIs for up-to-date information. Implemented secure user authentication with JWT. E-COMMERCE WEBSITE : Developed a responsive e-commerce platform with a sleek React.js interface and robust Node.js and Express.js backend. Implemented secure checkout with Razorpay/PayPal and efficient order management using MongoDB. Optimized application performance and ensured a seamless user experience. Other Projects: Movie Recommendations System ,Bank Loan prediction,Spotify Revenue and Expenses Analysis, Pros- peak(text to speach).