Himavantha Reddy  Himavanth55 | (cid:239) Narlahimavanth Reddy | # narlahimavanthreddy@gmail.com | H +917569943340 Summary A B.Tech student who is passionate in problem-solving and coding. Proficient in Java, Python, C++,an interest in data science. I strive for continuous self-improvement through self-learning and I engage in group projects with mentors and colleagues to advance my abilities.. Work Experience Web Developer Dec 2023 - Feb 2024 Throughout my internship, I acquired practical experience utilising the Django frameworks db.sqlite3 relational database, efficiently handling and modifying backend data to guarantee the uninterrupted op- eration of web applications,worked with a motivated team to effectively create a university student portal that is fully operational, demonstrating my expertise in database management throughout the project. This experience enhanced not only my technical skills but also my problem-solving abilities in the field of databases. Projects Curency Converter Its a python program where we can covert the curency of a particular country to other curencies using GUI. Advanced Facial Recognition System with Robust Security Measures Developed an advanced face recognition app using Python, OpenCV, and Tkinter. Engineered secure signup/login with robust authentication. Implemented blink detection, photo capture, and anti-spoofing for enhanced security.Utilized SQLite3 for efficient data management. Enforced a maximum retries pol- icy, showcasing commitment to stringent security protocols. Demonstrated a comprehensive skill set in software development, security, and user- centric design. Matrix Explorer: Unveiling Fundamental Spaces and Eigenvalues. Established Matrix Mastery Hub, an integrated platform facilitating exploration and problem-solving across the four fundamental spaces of a matrix, eigenvalue calculations, and eigenvector determinations. Orchestrated a seamless blend of sophisticated backend logic, advanced algorithm implementations, and an interactive user interface using Django for precise mathematical computations and a user-friendly experience. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRMAP 2019-2021 2019 Class 12th State Board-Bhashyam Junior College Class 10th State Board - Sri vivekananda vidya peetam high school (CGPA: 7.12/10) (Marks: 799/1000) (GPA:9.3/10) Skills Programing Skills C,C++,Python Interests Machine Learning,Data science. Last updated: June 19, 2024