UMESH Bachelor of Engineering Computer Science Engineering Chitkara University,Himachal Pradesh +91-7988167212 umeshyadav7988@gmail.com github/umeshyadav7988 linkedin/umesh-rao-724526219 Education Degree/Certificate B.E Senior Secondary Secondary Experience  Developer Intern Institute/Board Chitkara University,Himachal Pradesh HBSE Board HBSE Board CGPA/Percentage 8.36 (Current) 91.4% 78.4% Year 2021-Present 2021 2019 Tangence  Currently interning at Tangence, gaining hands-on experience in Developer intern.  Engaging in projects involving frontend and backend technologies, including React, Node.js, and Strapi. June 2024 - Present Noida,Uttar Pradesh, India  Software Developer Intern June 2024 - Present GrappITech Remote  Developed and implemented web components such as navbars, hero sections, buttons, and footers for the Grap- plTech Website.  Contributed to the Community Built Web Components (WEB Components Kit) feature set to enhance website functionality and user experience. Projects  Foody April. 2024 Personal Project Github  Technologies Used: Bootstrap, Node.js, Express.js, React, Bcrypt, JWT (JSON Web Token), MongoDB, Mongoose.  Project Overview: Online platform for food lovers Discover different restaurants and cuisines Order favorite dishes for home delivery.  Features: Smooth and enjoyable user experience, Secure authentication using bcrypt and JWT, Efficient data handling with MongoDB and Mongoose, Responsive design with Bootstrap, Robust backend with Node.js and Express.js, Interactive frontend with React.  SwiftRoom Allocator Feb. 2024 Github Team Project  Technologies Used : React,JavaScript,HTML,Node.js,Express.js,JavaScript,MySQL,JWT (JSON Web Tokens)  Contributed to SwiftRoom Allocator, a hostel room allocation system, enhancing features such as:Instant room selection, Room change options, Simplified departure process  Love Calculator Personal Project  Love Calculator is a simple web application built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and localStorage. The purpose of this project is to calculate the percentage of love between two individuals based on the names they provide. Jan. 2024 Github  Stone Paper Scissors Game Oct. 2023 Personal Project Github  This project is a "Stone Paper Scissors" game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Players select an option, the computer randomly picks its move, and the result is shown. Click "Play Your Move" to play again. Skills  Languages : Java, C++, Python, C, SQL ( MySQL), JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Frameworks and library: React.js, Node.js, Express.jS, Bootstrap, RESTful Api.  DevOps: Deployement Model, Docker, Kubernetes.  Tools: Postman, Eclipse, Git, Github, Visual Studio Code, MySQL Workbench, MongoDB Compass, Jupiter Notebook. Certifications  Full Stack Course: Coing Ninjas Certificate  Git and GitHub: Using GitHub for Source Code Management | : skillsoft Certificate  Introduction to Python: Coing Ninjas Certificate Achievements  UCA Student,Student of the Topper Batch at the University Coding Academy (UCA).  Codeathon 3.O, Secured 1st rank among 500 participants. organized by ACM and Coding Ninjas.  Hackathon ,secured 3rd position in the AI 2.0 Hackathon in Collaboration with Yamaha. 2023-2024 2024 2022