Abhishek RajPortfolio 6203747672 | araj14250@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/abhishek-raj | github.com/avisekraj Education Vellore Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology, CGPA: 7.25 Chapra Central School Senior Secondary Education, Percentage: 70.4 % Experience Vellore, Tamil Nadu Sept. 2020  Present Chhapra, Bihar March 2020 Frontend Developer Intern Gravitas AI Jul 2022  Jan 2023 Remote  I worked on dashboards in which first is School dashboard, Developed a visually compelling School Dashboard that presented data, empowering educators make data-driven decisions, and ultimately optimize student outcomes.  Second One Hospital dashboard, it trails the patient data including diagnoses, treatments, medications, length of stay, readmission rate, and patient satisfaction.  I have worked on 3 frameworks which are ReactJS ,Angular and NextJS, which gives a good understanding of their Users on clientside. I am comfortable working with both TypeScript and JavaScript. Projects To-do List WhatsApp Reminder | MERN Project June 2023  Set reminders for upcoming tasks and events.Get notified when its time to take action. Stay on top of your to-do list. Never miss a deadline again.  Implemented real-time to-do list WhatsApp notifications to enhance task alert, resulting in a 80% reduction in response time for important task.  Optimized user interface to ensure seamless accessibility for all users, resulting in a 40% increase in user engagement and a 25% decrease in bounce rate. Weather App | HTML, CSS, JS, API April 2023  The weather service will then provide you with the latest weather forecast and current conditions for the selected location.  Stay informed with detailed information on humidity levels, wind speed, and other essential weather data with time and date.  Implemented an intuitive design framework that streamlined user experience and accessibility, resulting in a 25% decrease in support tickets and a 15% increase in user satisfaction ratings. Students Portal (Group Project) | PHP, JS, HTML, SQL, BootStrap March 2022  User authentication using Hashcode and personalized dashboards for students and teachers.  Grade management feature for teachers to update students marks and academic achievements.  Communication tools like in-app messaging and calendar for scheduling and announcements will integrate this. Technical Skills Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, SQL Frameworks: Node.js, Angular, Material-UI, React-JS Developer Tools: Git, VSCode, MongoDB Certifications  Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals  Internship Certificate