ARPITA ROY Newtown Kolkata  8777565270 royarpita8777@gmail.com SUMMARY Experienced with 4 years of diverse experience, including 2 years specializing in the HR domain. Demonstrated expertise in talent management, employee relations, and organizational development. Skilled in recruitment processes, employee engagement, and HR analytics. Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with a proven ability to work collaboratively in team environments. WORK EXPERIENCE IT HR executive - Blueberry IT solution ( 6th month contractual ) Nov 2023 - April 2024 I worked as an HR executive end-end Requirement, Onbording, Payroll ect and placed direct seasonal hires. Ability to effectively manage requisitions and consistently meet performance metrics and goals. Have 15 member team under me, need to manage them and support them with sourcing Client Management and my client are cognizant need to speak with them about what kind of recruitment they have and fulfill their requirement on time Interfacing with the hiring manager and the supervisors, leading intake meetings, collaborating/communicating consistently to obtain feedback and ensure satisfaction with candidates, and effectively expediting process flow. Managed payroll processing, benefits administration, and leave management. Managing the presentation, selection, offer, negotiation, closing, and administrative components involved in full lifecycle recruiting. Managed daily HR operations, including employee records management, HRIS administration, and compliance with HR policies. Responsible for hiring marketing, accounting, technical, and administrative positions for direct client Walt Disney. Employee management, problem solving. Managed employee benefits programs, including health insurance, retirement plans, and other perks, ensuring timely enrollment and administration. HR executive and recruiter - Gradients Staffing Pvt. Ltd. July 2023 - Oct 2023 Researching and participating in a variety of recruiting activities including forming relationships with local community organizations, schools, chambers and colleges, planning and directing on-site and off-site open houses, arranging and attending a variety of career fairs, strategically placing advertising for maximized results, and developing and implementing tracking systems to monitor effectiveness of various recruiting activities. Responsible for receiving client new job openings and entering into system, filling short term positions same day and finding replacements during call offs with quick turnaround responses Provide exceptional client service and full life-cycle recruiting within TMIRS HR executive and recruiter - Globiva Oct 2022 - July 2023 Successful in candidate sourcing, communication and application process. Drive programs including an Employee Referral Program, Internet Landing Pages, Social Networking, Candidate Lead Program, and Open Houses. Conducted performance reviews and guided career development and employee growth. Onboarding and given the policy training Oversaw the maintenance and updating of employee databases, ensuring accurate and up-to- date information for payroll and benefits processing. HR executive and recruiter - Cubicaldesk March 2022 - Oct 2022 Successful in candidate sourcing, communication and application process. Source, qualify, interview, and refer candidates for positions throughout the company Conduct reference or background checks on job applicants. Contact job applicants to inform them of the status of their applications Participated in several HR projects as a functional expert and took the lead on small HRSC Operations metrics reports accurately and on time. Provided HR support with employee relations, talent acquisition, organizational effectiveness, learning and development, and Human Resources records. . Sales executive - Fusion BPO Oct 2021 - Feb 2022 Sales executive - RDS Aug 2020 - Oct 2021 EDUCATION Barrackpore Rastraguru Surendranath College (Bachelor of Arts ) 2020 - 2024 July In 2024, I completed my studies in the arts, gaining a strong foundation in traditional and contemporary techniques. My education covered visual arts, art history, and critical theory, enabling me to develop a diverse skill set. I engaged in various projects and exhibitions, refining my skills in painting, sculpture, and digital media, preparing me to contribute creatively and effectively to the arts community ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Skills: HR Analytes, ZOHO People, MS Office, Bulk Hiring, Employee Management, Client Management, IT Recruitment and BPO Recruitment, HR Policy Development, HRIS & Data Management, Payroll & Benefits Administration, Training & Development. Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali