Sai Akash Patnana  SaiAkash | (cid:239) SaiAkash | # saiakash patnana@srmap.edu.in | H +918309565550 Work Experience Data Analysis Intern June 2023 - Aug 2023  I have extensive experience in data analysis, utilizing statistical methods and tools to extract mean- ingful insights from complex datasets.My roles have involved cleaning and preprocessing data, creating visual- izations, and developing models to support decision-making. I am adept at using programming languages like Python to analyze data and communicate findings effectively. performance. Projects Cricket Alerts Link  Utilized Python with BeautifulSoup for web scraping and Tkinter for a user-friendly GUI, providing real-time updates on live cricket matches, including scores and commentary.  Enabled users to select specific matches of interest and view data stored in a database in an easily accessible format. Loan Prediction System Link  Developed a classification model and user interface to predict loan approval, achieving accurate results on the test dataset.  Successfully trained and tested a model to predict loan approval on a provided test dataset. Sentiment Analysis Link  Conducted sentiment analysis on Amazon reviews to extract consumer opinions and trends, providing actionable insights for informed business decision-making.  Utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the front-end design, with flask and Python handling the backend operations, including maintaining bus schedules and details. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY 2021 2019 Class 12th BIEAP Class 10th BSAP CERTIFICATIONS AND RESEARCH (GPA: 7.57/10.0) (955/1000) (9.5/10.0) APSSDC Link  Developed Amazon Prime Video data analysis project, optimizing recommendation algorithms and user engagement metrics, enhancing user retention and content performance. RESEARCH WORK ON AI IN WASTE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM Link  Research work on the Artificial Intelligence. Skills Programing Languages Python,C++,HTML,CSS,Django,SQL Course Work Machine Learning,Artificial Intelligence.