Aanand rai aanandrai.atwork@gmail.com - linkedin.com/in/aanand-rai-363890260 github.com/Aanandrai - +91 8957300787 BRIEF SUMMARY  Third-year Computer Science undergraduate with a keen interest in technology and problem-solving.  Tackled more than 600 coding challenges on different platforms.  Achieved a 3-star rating on CodeChef and secured a rank of 4,309 in CodeVita Season 11 by TCS.  Secured a global 159 rank in Starters 131 of CodeChef.  Skilled in software development using Python and JavaScript.  Experienced in building RESTful APIs and web application backends with Node.js.  Proficient in C++, Data Structures, and have expertise in cybersecurity.  Targeting a Node.js Development internship position to leverage coding skills and contribute to a fast-paced environment. EDUCATION Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology in CSE Saraswati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School 12th and 10th TECHNICAL SKILLS Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Nov 2021 - May 2025 Sultanpur , Uttar Pradesh April 2018-19 and April 2016-17 Programming Languages: C++, Java(Basic), Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Frameworks: Node.js , Express.js , Django(Basic), Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS. Tools and Platforms:: GIT, Github, MongoDB, MySQL, Leetcode, Codeforces, Codechef, HackerRank. Additional Skills: Data Structure, Competitive Programming , Problem Solving, Event Management, Leadership. APIs and libraries: React/React.js (Basic), Postman , Stripe(payment gateway), Panda, Numpy. PROJECTS  Login gui  Leveraging Tkinter, a native Python library for GUI development, to design a login interface. GitHub Technology Python , Tkinter  Backend for restaurant  Architected a scalable restaurant platform with Stripe integration for plan purchases.  Designed database schema and implemented secure and efficient admin functionalities on Mongo Atlas for restaurant management.  Enabled data-driven decision making through robust analytics. GitHub Technology Node.js, Express, Mongoose, MongoDb, Stripe, Postman  Todo list (full stack)  Develop a full-stack web application for a to-do list that supports multiple users simultaneously from any location, using email and password for authentication.  Implement authentication and authorization using JWT tokens.  Build the application with React for the front-end and Express (Node.js) for the back-end, and use MongoDB as the database.GitHub Technology JavaScript, React, Vite, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CERTIFICATE  Foundations of Cybersecurity By Google,  Python for Data Science By Infosys,  Developing BackEnd Apps with Node.js and Express By IBM EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Coordinator, Programming Club  Played a key role in organizing over 8 workshops and contests at AKGEC. * Notable events included CodeCrunch and Cin, which saw a 30% increase in participants and double the number of registrations.  Spearheaded logistics coordination and event execution, ensuring smooth operations.  Contributed to content creation for the events.  Demonstrated the ability to work independently and as part of a team.  ICPC participant  Demonstrated aptitude for tackling complex problems through participation in the ICPC competition  Also participate in 3 additional coding challenges, collaborating effectively with the team. HOBBIES  Books, Lifelong learner, drawn to the world of books to explore new ideas and cultures.  Anime, anime enthusiast with a keen interest in exploring diverse storytelling and animation styles for entertainment and cultural appreciation  Problem Solving, Actively engage in problem-solving challenges on platforms like CodeChef and Codeforces, continuously sharpening my analytical and problem-solving abilities