VIKAS VERMA Vikas Verma | Linkedin: VikasVerma-1 | GitHub Email: vikas89535@gmail.com Mobile: +91 8400134055 PROFILE SUMMARY Dynamic and results-driven B.Tech Final year student with a Bachelor's degree in Information Technology. Proficient in programming languages such as Python, Java and SQL with a solid understanding of data structures and algorithms with hands-on experience through internships and academic projects. Strong problem-solving skills, a quick learner, and a team player with a passion for creating efficient and scalable software solutions. Seeking an entry-level position to apply technical skills and contribute to innovative projects in the software industry. Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Technology; GPA: 8.07 ABC Public School Senior Secondary (10+2) Percentage: 82 EDUCATION Gr. Noida, India Nov 2021 - June 2025 Gorakhpur, India April 2019 - April 2021  Languages: JAVA, Python, SQL  Frameworks: ReactJS, ExpressJS, Bootstrap, Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib  Tools: Excel, PowerPoint, Knime, Tableau, MySQL,Git and Github  Platforms: PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Visual Studio Code, Intellij IDEA SKILLS SUMMARY  Soft Skills: Rapport Building, Interpersonal Skills, People Management, Excellent communication PROJECTS CineStream | LINK August 2024  Built a streaming platform using React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB Atlas, and Tailwind CSS.  Integrated JWT-based authentication and designed a responsive UI for seamless user experience across devices.  Developed features such as movie/TV show search, actor search, trailer viewing, and similar content recommendations.  Implemented functionality for fetching movies, TV shows, search history, and more.  Deployed the platform with scalability and performance enhancements using MongoDB Atlas. WanderLust: Vacation Rental Destination | LINK February 2024 - April 2024  Created a full-stack Airbnb clone using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js).  Developed intuitive user interfaces with React.js for seamless property browsing and booking functionalities.  Implemented secure user authentication using JWT (JSON Web Tokens) to protect user sessions.  Utilized MongoDB for scalable data storage, ensuring optimal performance as the platform grows. Potato Leaf Disease Detection | LINK January 24 - March 2024  Developed a system using machine learning and computer vision technique achieving over 98% accuracy in identifying diseases like late blight, early blight, and potato virus Y.  Implemented a user-friendly interface allowing farmers to easily upload leaf images and receive disease diagnosis results.  TensorFlow and OpenCV for model development and image processing, ensuring robust performance . Python Basics | CERTIFICATE February 2022  Mastered fundamental Python syntax, proficiently utilizing control flow, loops, functions, and data structures. Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript (IBM) | CERTIFICATE November 2023 CERTIFICATES  Learned about the HTML,CSS and JavaScript Functions and build Projects. Introduction to NoSQL Databases (IBM) | CERTIFICATE  Learned about the uses of NoSQL Database. April 2023 AWARDS/ACHIEVEMENTS  Completed Internshala React training with a score of 92 percent and develop tic-tac-toe game.  Solving 150+ Problems on coding platforms like LeetCode, Coding Ninja, GFG.  Developing a Weather Forecast Device in Xmble-NIET, a tech-fest program and Secured 3rd rank.  Completed 6+ Coursera Certificates on Coursera.