Harsh Raj LinkedIn| Harsh10 Git| harshraj100218@gmail.com | GFG| +91 6200338162 EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology(Information Technology) Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Higher Secondary AN College Patna, Percentage: 77 Secondary Patliputra Central School, Percentage: 81 TECHNICAL SKILLS Noida,India 2021-2025 2021 2019  Languages: Java, Python, SQL, JavaScript  Web Development: HTML5, CSS3, Django, React, Nodejs  Databases: MYSQL, MongoDB  Other Skills: Data Structures, Algorithms, OOPs, OS, Database, Problem-Solving  Soft Skills: Planning, Organizing, Commitment, Self-Motivation, Discipline, Willingness to Work, Open to Feedback EXPERIENCES  Celebal Technologies: Developed and maintained user interfaces with React.js and related libraries. Worked with the design team to convert mockups into responsive UIs. Assisted in debugging and performance optimization. Utilized Redux for state management to handle complex application states effectively.  Baskethunt Pvt Ltd: Worked as Web Developer and created new websites using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT. Based on my performance I was promoted to Trainer.  CodSoft: Worked as Web Developer and created new websites using HTML5, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT. PROJECTS  On Road Vehicle Breakdown Assistant: A website connecting users with nearby mechanics for vehicle breakdowns using location services. Users can pin their location, receive mechanic notifications, and access self-assistance for minor vehicle issues. Built with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and Firebase.  Real Time chat Application: A real-time chat application built with Spring Boot and WebSocket, offering robust, scalable architecture. Users can join, chat, and leave rooms seamlessly, enabling interactive real-time communication.  Driver Drowsiness Detection: A deep learning-based project for detecting driver drowsiness. It utilizes advanced algorithms to monitor and identify signs of fatigue, enhancing road safety by alerting drivers before drowsiness affects their driving performance.  College Management System: A comprehensive online platform for seamless communication, academic performance tracking, and resource management for students, teachers, and administrators. Built with Django, Bootstrap, Javascript, Python, HTML5, CSS3. ACHIEVEMENTS  Got certified in Microsoft AI Odyssey Challenge 2024.  Got certified in Python on HackerRank.  Have been an active participant in the extra-curricular activities organized at school and have won prizes for debate and various sports competitions. POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY  Member and active participant in coordination of ISTE(Indian Society For Technical Education).  Organized a coding fest Terror of Error and a technical debate competition LogicLore Debate at my college.