SNEHIL Delhi NCR, India (cid:211) +91-9027667448 snehil2113070@akgec.ac.in Linkedin (cid:135) Github Leetcode EDUCATION Dr.A.P.J. Abdul Kalam Technical University B.Tech - Information Technology- CGPA - 8.5 COURSEWORK / SKILLS 2021-2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  Data Structure and Algorithms (DSA)  Android Development  Jetpack Compose  Kotlin  Django Rest Framework  C++  Python  OOPS Concepts PROJECTS Reading Arena | Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, Firebase , Retrofit, Hilt, Dagger 2024  Dive into the world of reading with ReadingArena, your ultimate digital bookshelf! - Features : - Sleek and intuitive design for a seamless reading experience. - Secure user authentication with Firebase. - Real-time data storage and sync with Firebase Database. - Stay updated with the latest book releases via Retrofit REST API. - Efficient dependency management using Hilt and Dagger for smooth performance. WeatherApp | Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, Retrofit, Room DB, Hilt, Dagger 2023  Stay ahead of the weather with WeatherApp, your go-to app for accurate and up-to-date forecasts! - Features : - Intuitive design for effortless navigation. - Real-time weather updates via Retrofit-powered REST API. - Efficient data storage and offline access with Room DB. - Smooth and reliable performance with dependency management using Hilt and Dagger. IntelligentCam | Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, CameraX, TensorFlow 2023  Capture and explore the world with IntelligentCam , your smart camera companion! - Features: - User-friendly design for an enhanced camera experience. - High-quality image capture with CameraX integration. - Real-time landmark analysis using integrated TensorFlow models. - Effortlessly identify and learn about landmarks as you capture them. MyNote | Kotlin, Jetpack Compose, Room DB. 2022-23  Organize your thoughts effortlessly with MyNote, your ultimate digital notebook! - Features : - Clean and intuitive design for a seamless note-taking experience. - Efficient data storage with Room DB for quick access and offline use. - Robust functionality to create, edit, and organize your notes easily. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C++, Kotlin, Python ,SQL Technologies/Frameworks: Jetpack Compose, Android Development, Django Rest Framework Developer Tools: Android Studio, VS Code CODING PLATFORMS  Leetcode: 500+ Submissions CERTIFICATIONS  Android Jetpack Compose: The Comprehensive Bootcamp - Udemy  Enhancing Soft Skills and Personality - NPTEL EXTRACURRICULAR  Body Building and Weight Lifting  Part of Organisation team during major events in college  Won an inter-class debate competition in school