Prashant Singh (cid:132) +91 72758 60032 | # p4shantt@gmail.com | (cid:239) prashantsingh |  @p4shant EDUCATION KIET Group of Institutions - Ghaziabad, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology November 2021  May 2025 8.65/10 CGPA EXPERIENCE WEB DEVELOPER INTERN matchmyflight  Develop user interface with modern JavaScript Framework HTML5 CSS Tailwind which improved user satisfaction  Developed modern landing page using React Js .  Deployed and hosted front-end code on google cloud storage Sep 2023  current PROJECTS GradCart - Web Platform for Student-to-Student Exchange Group Project Feb 2024  March 2024 KIET, Ghaziabad  Developed a web platform enabling seamless exchange of goods among students within the college community.  Utilized advanced technologies including Node.js, Mongoose, MongoDB, and Express to ensure robust and efficient back-end functionality.  Designed and implemented an intuitive user interface utilizing handlebars (hbs), CSS, and JavaScript for dynamic HTML generation, enhancing user experience  Spearheaded the creation of a user-friendly interface, prioritizing accessibility and ease of navigation for optimal user engagement. STABLE DIFFUSION - IMAGE TO PROMPT Innohack 2023 May 2023  June 2023 KIET, Ghaziabad  Created an image prompting system utilizing deep learning techniques to generate descriptive prompts for images automatically.  Utilized the paraphrase-MiniLM-L6-v2 model, a state-of-the-art pre-trained sentence transformer, for computing sentence embeddings.  Employed a ResNet-50-based convolutional neural network (CNN) to extract meaningful image features.  Employed Python, TensorFlow, and Keras for model development and training, utilized Sentence Transformer for sentence embeddings and Kaggle notebooks for experimentation and evaluation Doctello | Curriculum Project Web Development Trainee November 2022  present KIET, Ghaziabad  Developed website to provide healthcare facilities to our users virtually.  AI prescribes the medicine and precautions to be taken by the user.  Drafted the interface using Figma and Canva for 15+ screens for web and smartphone display sizes.  Implemented the front-end using HTML5, CSS3 and vanilla JavaScript and Bootstrap-5 for responsive design. TnP Automation - Centralized College Placement Monitoring System Group Project November 2023  Present KIET, Ghaziabad  Spearheaded development of a centralized system to track and manage student placements effectively.  Implemented four modules: Student, Department, CRPC (College Placement and Recruiting Cell), and Recruiter, ensuring comprehensive stakeholder coverage  Utilized cutting-edge technologies: EJS, CSS, JavaScript for enhanced front-end user experience  Employed Node.js, Express, MongoDB for robust back-end functionality, ensuring seamless data management CODING AND ACHIEVEMENT  Competitive Coding: Solved over 300+ problems over various platforms including Leetcode, CodeChef, and CodeForces. Mentored 50+ students for competitive coding in various languages including Java, and C++.  CodeChef: Ranked 18 and 32 globally in Codechef contests, with a Codechef rating of 1638.  Codeforces: Ranked 3124 and 3824 globally in codeforces contests, with a Codeforces rating of 1242 (pupil) PUBLICATIONS  Prashant Singh (Jan. 2023) "Comparative Analysis of food distribution" in IEEE CICTN-2023 SKILLS AND TECHNOLOGIES Coursework: Languages: Tools: Coding Profile: Data Structures, Algorithms, Problem Solving, OOP Java, JavaScript, C++, HTML/CSS (Bootstrap) Unity, VSCode, GIT, Figma, Spline Leetcode (@p4shant) , Codechef (@p4shantt)