Harshpreet Singh Kalra kalraharshpreet@gmail.com 15 Aug 2003 9711628383 www.linkedin.com/in/hpsk15 New Delhi , India Indian EDUCATION B.Tech Information Technology Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology, GGSIPU 2021  Present | New Delhi CGPA- 9.05 (upto Sem 5) Class XII, CBSE Bal Bharati Public School, Dwarka 2020  2021 | New Delhi Aggregate- 89% Class X, CBSE Bal Bharati Public School, Dwarka 2018  2019 | New Delhi Aggregate- 90.2% SKILLS HTML CSS Javascript ReactJS NodeJS MongoDB PHP Java MySQL Data Structures Microsoft Office Suite SUMMARY Motivated IT engineer with a keen interest in Java programming, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), and web development. Seeking an opportunity to contribute to an organization, harness my skills, and gain hands-on experience in software development processes. Eager to learn and grow within a dynamic and challenging environment. EXPERIENCE CodSoft Internship Aug 2023  Sep 2023 in the full software development Contributed to the development of Java applications and software solutions under the guidance of senior Java developers. Participated lifecycle, including requirements gathering, design, development, testing, and deployment.. Assisted in troubleshooting and debugging code, resolving software defects, and optimizing application performance. Collaborated with team members to review code, provide feedback, and ensure adherence to coding standards and best practices. CERTIFICATES The Web Developer Bootcamp | Udemy Learned Web Development from Scratch - Frontend & Backend (Beginner to Advanced) Java Bootcamp | Udemy Learned basic to advanced java concepts needed to pursue Web Development, Android Development and Automation. SQL For Data Science | UC Davis Worked on SQLite, which commands and running real time business problem. included running SQL PROJECTS Portfolio Website Designed and developed a dynamic and visually appealing portfolio website to showcase personal projects, skills, and accomplishments. Leveraged HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create an intuitive user interface with seamless navigation. ATM interface Designed and developed an intuitive ATM Interface using Java, making transactions and banking operations seamless for users. Building the ATM Interface required applying problem-solving skills, ensuring a secure and efficient user experience.