GOPI KANTAMNENI Contact: + 91-8985356503  E-Mail: gopikantamneni55@gmail.com LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/gopi-kantamneni-73b635132/ JOB OBJECTIVE Seeking Senior Systems Administrator role in IT Infrastructure | Google Workspace | Single Sign On (OKTA) | JumpCloud | SentinelOne | AWS | Azure | Setup Systems | Device MGMT | Data Center Management | New Hire On- Boarding | Vendor MGMT | Inventory MGMT | AV Systems with an organization of high repute. PROFILE SUMMARY  With Experience of 6 Years of IT Infrastructure and Hands-On experience in:  Google Workspace - (Creating Org Users, Groups, Assigning Permissions, Shared Drives)  Single Sign On (SSO)  Integrated Applications with OKTA for Single Sign On.  Mobile Device Management (Cisco Meraki & JumpCloud)  Mac & Windows laptops enrolling with Meraki Device MGMT (Pushing Apps, Patch MGMT, Security Policy, Encryption, Password Policy etc.)  Meraki Firewall, Switches & Wi-Fi  Have Setup Firewall, Switches and Wi-Fi for 200+ users as per Organisation Security needs.  Endpoint Security: Established and maintained robust endpoint security using Cisco Advanced Malware Protection and SentinelOne, ensuring comprehensive protection against threats  Technical Support  Analysing users' support requests and promptly addressing them in a timely manner.  Vendor Management  An Effective communicator with hands-on experience and skills.  Familiar with conducting penetration tests for both SAAS and on-prem deployments  Hands-on experience with basics of Prometheus & Grafana monitoring tools ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE Since Mar 2024 CloudSEK Information Security Private Limited Senior Senior IT Specialist  Implemented comprehensive endpoint onboarding to JumpCloud, ensuring seamless integration and streamlined device management. Spearheaded the setup of Zero Touch Deployment, enhancing efficiency and user experience  Streamlined and automated the installation of SentinelOne across all endpoints, ensuring robust security and consistent protection  Prepared IT policy documentations, ensuring clarity, compliance, and alignment with organizational standards  Implemented and self-hosted an asset management tool to efficiently track, allocate, and manage asset returns, improving overall resource management and accountability  Enhanced office network stability by identifying and resolving bottlenecks, leading to improved performance and reliability  Developed and implemented comprehensive security policies, strengthening organizational defenses and ensuring compliance with industry standards Since Dec 2021 to Mar 2024 ACCELDATA TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED Senior System Administrator  Installed, configured, and maintained software applications, resulting in improved system productivity and efficiency  Implemented a secure patching strategy to ensure all systems and applications were up- to-date and secure  Developed and implemented secure access controls and monitoring policies to protect sensitive data  Managed user accounts, passwords, and access privileges to ensure secure access to applications and data  Implemented security best practices to harden system security, resulting decrease in security incidents.  Have involved in Grey box penetration test for both SAAS and on-prem deployments.  Enrolling and managing endpoints through Meraki MDM troubleshooting issues, performing software updates, and deploying new applications remotely to minimize downtime and maximize productivity.  Monitoring endpoints through Cisco Advanced Malware Protection (AMP) to secure and safeguard against potential malware threats and ensuring robust endpoint security.  Handling employee On-boarding & Off-boarding and new hire IT orientation.  Managing Network through Meraki Network Management and addressing performance bottle necks to ensure maximum up time.  Effectively addressing user needs and resolving issues related to the Data Center environment.  Integrating new applications with Okta SSO.  Integrating organizational tools through APIs, facilitating seamless data exchange and automation between different systems and applications.  Resolving user issues with their Macs, Windows, Linux and other applications.  Setting up Site to Site Tunnels and on-prem servers for small scale deployments.  Inventory and Vendor Management Since Oct 2018 to Dec 2021 Customer Support Engineer CONQUER TECHNOLOGIES  Troubleshooting and resolving MAC software and hardware issues.  Configuring and Installing the MAC Applications like Mail, Office, etc. and Installing Operating System.  Troubleshooting Network and on-prem server issues  Inventory Management Since Nov 2018 to Nov 2019 Data Administrator  Handling customers data using various tools like Googles Firebase, Cloud, Big query and IB HUBS Data Studio  Email automation using Selenium, Amazon SES, Mautic, etc.  Understanding management needs and closely work with development team to achieve them.  Troubleshooting and resolving users issues with their endpoints and applications. CERTIFICATIONS  Jamf100 Certified  Apple Certified Mac Technician (ACMT)  Apple Certified iOS Technician (ACiT) IT SKILLS Troubleshooting (Hardware & Software)  Hard Skills:   Networking (LAN & WAN) Technical Support (IT Helpdesk)   AWS Fundamentals (Cloud Hosting)  Basic Programming (Scripting)   Vendor Management  AV Solutions  Tools and Software: Inventory Management (IT Assets) JumpCloud SentinelOne  Cisco Meraki MDM   Cisco Meraki Network  Cisco Advanced Malware Protection   Okta SSO  Google Workspace   Mac, Windows & Linux  O365 Admin Jamf EDUCATION Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies (Basar) Bachelor of Technology in Materials and Metallurgical Engineering ACTIVITES AND HOBBIES Gardening Watching Movies PERSONAL DETAILS Date Of Birth: 28-07-1995 Address: No 28, E-City, Bangalore, India Languages Known: English, Hindi, Telugu