RETESH KARMAKAR +91 8738809848 | reteshkarmakar900@gmail.com | Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh LinkedIN | Leetcode | GitHub SUMMARY "Motivated B.Tech student in 4th year, eager to contribute and learn in a dynamic work environment. Demonstrated dedication and quick learning ability, with a passion for acquiring new skills. Seeking opportunities to apply academic knowledge and gain practical experience in Development. Committed to delivering results and adapting to new challenges with enthusiasm." PROJECTS Netfix Clone A clone of the Netflix website using ReactJS, Redux Toolkit, NodeJS and MongoDB. Gemini Clone A clone of Googles Gemini using React JS and the Gemini API Toolkit. X Sentiment Analyser A sentiment Analyzer which tells the sentiments of any certain tweet whether it is happy, sad and neutral to tell us what does a certain means and what feeling or sentiment it coneys to the public. Loan Granter for Farmers A machine learning model using last years weather data and crop flourishment details that will the banks to approve the loan request for the farmers so that there is a possibility of the loan will be returned within the stipulated period of time. TensorFlow-based CNN Model Developed a CNN model using Tensorflow, achieving an 88% accuracy rate in image classification and reduced the training time by 15% through optimized batch processing on the Kaggle dataset. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) in Computer Science Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology 2021-2025 Relevant Coursework: Data Structures, Algorithms, Database Management Systems, Artificial Learning, Machine Learning, Web Development (MEAN and MERN Stack) Senior Secondary (XII), Science Guru Har Rai Academy, ISC Board Percentage: 96.00% Secondary(X) Guru Har Rai Academy, CISCE Board Percentage: 93.00% 2021 2019 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CERTIFICATIONS Programming Languages: Python, Java, JavaScript Web Technologies: ReactJS, AngularJS, HTML & CSS, PHP Databases: MySql, MongoDB, NoSQL Tools & Frameworks: Redux Toolkit, Node.js, Git, Tensorflow, PyTorch Languages: English: Professional Proficiency Hindi: Native Proficiency Python for Data Science, AI & Development Introduction to Machine Learning Machine Learning with Python Introduction to NoSQL Databases Machine Learning Foundations: A Case Study Approach Building AI Powered Chatbots Without Programming Human-Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation Getting Started with AI using IBM Watson Introduction to Artificial Intelligence(AI)