ASWIN RAJ R K 8606586108  Priyam, Chempoor, Mudakkal PO, Trivandrum, 695103 aswinr332@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/aswinrajrk/ OBJECTIVE Fresher MCA Student(2022-2024) College of Engineering Vadakara, APJ Abdul Kalam Technological University  B.Sc Computer Science Graduate(2019-2022) from University Institute of Technology Azhoor, University of Kerala  Certified for Database Management System and Cloud Computing form NPTEL and Django Programming from MindLuster. EDUCATION Master of Computer Applications, College of Engineering Vadakara APJ Abdul Kalam University  CGPA - 7.08 B.Sc Computer Science, University Institute of Technology, Azhoor University of Kerala  CGPA - 7.32 Higher Secondary, Blue Mount Public School, Thonakkal, Trivandrum CBSE  CGPA - 6.54 High School, Blue Mount Public School, Thonakkal, Trivandrum CBSE  CGPA - 10.0 2022 - 2024 2019 - 2022 2017 - 2019 2016 - 2017 SKILLS Technical Skills Soft Skills Interests EXPERIENCE Robotics Intern Inker Robotics Java,Spring Boot,Python,Flask,PHP,C,HTML & CSS, JavaScript,MySQL,MONGO DB SDLC, Agile Methodology, Docker/Kubernetes Problem-Solving skills, Team Collaboration, Communication skills, Project Management Adaptability and Learning Agility Reading,Coding,Movies,Music,Travelling,Gaming April 2023 - May 2023 Thrissur  Acquired in-depth understanding of robotics principles, including mechanical design, sensor integration, and control systems, through hands-on experience and mentorship.  Collaborated with experienced professionals, engineers, and researchers, gaining valuable insights into industry best practices, innovative problem-solving approaches, and the latest advancements in the field of robotics.  Acquired knowledge and applied AI and Machine Learning techniques to successfully detect human presence.  I gained expertise and proficiently employed Virtual Reality, 3D printing, IoT, and other automated robots to accomplish tasks and achieve goals.  Acquired knowledge on real-time robots like COBOT, CNC CUTTER and LASER ENGRAVING and DOG- BOT. PROJECTS WAREHOUSE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. The Warehouse Management System is a real-time warehouse database capable of handling large inventories of an organization. This can be used to track the inventory of a single store, or to manage the distribution of stock between several stores of a larger franchise. However, the system merely records sales and restocking data and provides notification of low stock at any location at a specified interval. The goal is to reduce the strain of tracking rather than to handle all store maintenance. ARTISTRY HUB. Artistry Hub is an innovative web application designed to empower artists from diverse creative backgrounds, including actors, singers, dancers, and instrumentalists, by providing a platform to showcase their unique skills and talents. By registering and creating comprehensive profiles on our platform, artists gain increased visibility and access to a wider range of opportunities in the world of arts and entertainment. MOVIE SUCCESS PREDICTION USING NAIVE BASED SENTIMENTAL ANALYSIS. Proposed research on the role of public opinions, especially online reviews, in determining movie success.Suggested a sentiment analysis-based review system to predict movie success.Admin module managed details and access; Producers added movie info and gauged success. Directors searched and reviewed films; Users contributed valuable opinions; Public accessed success rates MISSING STUFF. Missing Stuffs is a web based application which deals with the registration of the looser who lost their personal belongings to this web application . And the public can view this and help find the belongings with the help of Area Supporter and return to the owner. LANGUAGESS  Malayalam : Native Language  English : Proficient  Hindi : Intermediate  Tamil : Beginner CERTIFICATE  Database Management System - NPTEL  Cloud Computing - NPTEL  Django Programming - Mind Luster DECLERATION I hereby declare that the information provided is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Aswin Raj R K Place - Trivandrum