K Satya Narayana (cid:131) +91-6304147635 | # satyanarayanak@srmap.edu.in |  satyaK0729 | (cid:239) K Satya Narayana Education SRM University, Andhra Pradesh B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering with Specialization in AI and ML Intermediate: MPC at Sri Chaitanya Junior College Senior Secondary School (Board: TSBIE) Baashyam high School Secondary School (Board:Telangana) Work Experience Internship in Teach-Nook - Intern  Done an Internship in Teach-Nook about Beginner to advance in python and Developed ecommerse website with Chat Bot.  Which helps user to search faster and Reviews of product . Sep 2021 - Jul 2025 CGPA: 7.60/10.0 Apr 2019 - May 2021 Percentage : 85.2/100 Mar 2019 Percentage : 9.3/10 Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Projects Public Photography contest live voting | node js, react, express, python, html, css Project Link  Creating a contest by Admin so that User can Participate in Photo Contest after registration and able to Vote Upto 3 votes to any Other Photos.  Developed using Mern Stack(MongoDb,React Js, Express, Node js) and for the Live voting Socket.io Object detection on UAVs. | Tesorflow, numpy, Python, Federated Learning Project Link  The project is about identifing the UAVs(Unmaned Aireal vehicles)and Tested in real time environment using Machine learning and Neural Networks Models like (Mask R-CNN, Fast R-CNN).  Accurately it also detects the Real time Objects with boder lines. BackPack | Android studio, java Project Link  Backpack is like to do list were You can checkmark the tasks that you want to do or done like emailng, sheduling for meeting, time to take break... etc.  Also assigns the things you want to get remembered, can be noted in the list. Certificates & Achievements  Achieved the Summer Internship Offer in Django Framework from APSSDC.  Earned a Pyhton Certification in Teach Nook.  Done a AWS, Mern stack Developer certification in Udemy. Technical Skills Programming Languages Technologies/Frameworks Django, MySQL, MongoDB, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, Git, Git Bash Pandas, NumPy Concepts Python, C, C++, Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL, Bash Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Algorithms, Operating Systems, APIs,Database Man- agement Publication Object Detection On UAVs: A federated learning based approach Using Faster R-CNN. Link