Piyush Bansal piyushbansal.dm007@gmail.com | +91 8003147070 | linkedin.com/in/piyush-bansal25 | github.com/piyushbansal25 Professional Summary Versatile full stack developer with corporate experience in building UI functionalities. Also skilled in Data Structures and Algorithms and data science methodologies. Proven ability to collaborate effectively on projects, delivering innovative solutions through strong problem -solving and critical thinking. Leadership and communication honed through extracurricular activities and student chapters. Skills  Languages : Python, C/C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS  Developer Tools : Git, GitHub, Firebase, Insomnia, Visual Studio  Other : Data Structures and Algorithms, Web development, Problem Solving, Event Management Education Manipal University Jaipur, Btech in Computer Science and Engineering  CGPA: 7.0 Modern Senior Secondary School, Kota, High School Education  12th Percentage : 89.4 Experience 2021-2025 2020 User Interface Development Intern | Adani Digital Labs,Gurgaon  Designed, developed and tested various User Interface applications using React and JavaScript.  Worked with the team to build various React components which were implemented in the production of the June 2024  Aug 2024 company official website.  Learnt various ReactJS applications of filtering, mapping and rendering data and implemented them in a personal website project. Director of Event Operations | Under25 Summit MUJ  Planned and executed all aspects of summits logistics and operations.  Overseeing venue selection, event budgets and expense tracking Nov 2023 Senior Logistics Coordinator | IEEE Student Branch MUJ  Developed and implemented efficient logistical processes to optimize resource utilization.  Supervised a team of volunteers to execute logistics operations smoothly Jun 2022 - Apr 2023 Projects Full Stack Real Estate Website  Developed a full stack real estate website from scratch using MongoDB, Express.js, React, and Node.js.  Implemented JWT, Firebase, and Google OAuth for secure and seamless user access. github.com/mern-estate Zara Clone Website  Developed a clone front-end Zara website using HTML, Bootstrap and CSS.  Fully responsive website for desktop and mobile. github.com/zara-dupe