RESUME CA VIVEK HARISH KINI Personal e-mail : vivekkini98@gmail.com Mobile No. : +91-8722262142 Profile Summary Highly motivated and enthusiastic fresher Chartered Accountant to work in an organization that provides an opportunity and supports to apply my knowledge, skills, learn new skills and enhance my knowledge, at the same time contributing to the growth of the organization. Work Experience Paid Assistant M/s Sreenivasan & Govardhan, Chartered Accountants , Malleshwaram, Bangalore ( Jan 2022 - Dec 2022 ) Articled Assistant M/s Sreenivasan & Govardhan , Chartered Accountants, Malleshwaram, Bangalore Completed 3 years of mandatory articleship under a qualified CA as per ICAI Guidelines. ( Jan 2019 - Jan 2022 ) Educational Qualifications Examination Institution Year of Passing CA  Finals Group 1 CA  Finals Group 2 CA-Intermediate Group 2 CA-Intermediate Group 1 Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Institute of Chartered Accountants of India Institute of Chartered Accountants of India May 2024 May 2023 December 2021 November 2 01 9 Qualification Institution/University Year of Passing Bachelor of Commerce Mangalore University PUC SSLC Department of Pre University Education Karnataka State Secondary Education and Examination Board 2018 2015 2013 % 88 94 91 Major assignments handled  Finalization of Financials of Companies and other entities as per applicable Accounting Standards along with the preparation of schedules and necessary notes.  Performed Statutory Audit of various companies involving compliance with corporate law provisions, CARO, Income tax act and GST act. RESUME  Submission of replies to Assessment notices issued by the Income Tax Dept under the guidance of my principal.  Review of statutory compliance and preparation of audit plans.  Handled Tax audits companies, partnership firms, charitable trusts and proprietorship entities.  Preparation of Tax computations and filling of returns of companies, partnership firms, charitable trusts and proprietorship entities.  Preparation of Audit Reports, Directors Reports, financial statements and filing of necessary E- forms with ROC as part of annual compliance by corporate clients.  Prepared Provisional and Projected Financial Statements for Companies. Relevant Course related certifications Certified Integrated and Advanced Integrated course on Information technology and soft skills conducted by the ICAI. Personal Details  Date of Birth : 12th January 1998  Nationality : Indian  Languages : English, Kannada, Hindi, Konkani, and Tulu. Extra-Curricular and Additional Information  Konkani Poetry Competition : Have won first and second prize in the Konkani poetry competition organized by Vidyakalpaka (Regd), a GSB Community charitable organization that provides scholarships.  Business Quiz Competition : Was part of quiz team during College, which was finalist in Inter Collegiate management fest.  Rajya Puraskar Award : Have been awarded Rajya Puraskar Award being Rover (Scouts & Guides) by the Hble Governor of the state of Karnataka.  Volunteered in National Jamboree Event held at Mysore, being a Rover in 2016. Technical Skills : Intermediate knowledge of MS - Office, Tally ERP, Winman CA- ERP, Accountancy and Taxation, Basic knowledge of Financial Modelling, Preparing for NISM Series XV  Research Analyst examination. Interpersonal Skills : Communication Skills, Patience, Honest, Punctual, Ability and dedication to meet deadlines on time. Hobbies : Practicing Yoga, Reading Non fiction books, going out and attending random cultural events. Stock market enthusiast. Date: 15-07-2024 Place: Karkala. (Vivek Harish Kini)