AAKANSHA PATEL WORK EXPERIENCE Coordinates for correspondence: Email: patel.aakansha1212@gmail.com Contact no: +91 9874769622 M/S Free Thinkers (Breakout Escape Games) from May 2023 to Present  Joined as L&D Support Executive on 11 May 2023, rapidly progressing to the role of HR and L&D Lead. Key contributions include: L&D responsibilities: 1. External L&D: Breakout conducts L&D workshops for clients. I have worked with clients like Swiss Re, Johnson Controls Inc, GE Vernova, BASF, etc on: A. Training Programs:  Spearheading the creation of Training Needs Analysis (TNA) forms and assessing them.  Developing training plans based on the TNA forms.  Conducting gamified sessions for experienced professionals, on topics such as collaboration, communication and problem solving. B. Hosting onboarding/engagement programs such as icebreaker activities and virtual escape room experiences. 2. Internal L&D: For Breakout employees, Im accountable for: A. Formulating and executing onboarding plans for Sales and Experience teams. B. Training of Experience and HR employees so they are able to contribute effectively. C. Assisted in the implementation of Click-Up, a project management tool, in the company and I train all new personnel in its use. HR responsibilities: 1. Leading a team of 3 employees and overseeing recruitment, payroll, and administrative tasks. 2. Managing employee records, leave, and attendance. 3. Taking part in quarterly strategic planning meetings with the CEO. 4. Reinforcing the company's cultural ethos among employees. Catalysis Ink from February 2021 to March 2023  Joined as a HR Executive in February 2021. The profile included the following roles and responsibilities:  Assisted with recruitment efforts, job postings, and interviews.  Resolved employee issues and revamped the onboarding process.  Conducted virtual employee engagement activities and supported training efforts. M/S Free Thinkers (Breakout Escape Games) from January 13th 2017 to May 31st, 2018  Joined as HR and Franchisee Executive, actively contributing to organizational growth:  Drafted a formal HR policy, ensuring streamlined processes during the company's initial phase.  Managed end-to-end HR operations, from hiring to payroll management.  Coordinated with franchisees for game-related activities.  Collaborated with the game design team during the development of new games.  Trained new game masters. Samara Events and Spot Ad Media from 21st September 2015 to 15th November 2016  Joined Samara Events as Customer Relations and Vendor Management Executive. The profile included the following roles and responsibilities:  Assisted in finding new employees through job portals. Scheduled interviews with the Partners.  Contributed to event ideation and management.  Managed petty cash, purchase orders and payments. EDUCATION  MBA (HR & Finance) - Lovely Professional University, 2015 - 8.44/10  BBA - Lovely Professional University, 2013 - 8.17/10 PERSONAL DETAILS  Date of Birth:  Languages known: 18th July 1990 English, Hindi & Bengali