Email: saumyamaheshwari20122003@gmail.com , LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/saumya-maheshwari-47a607230 Github: https://github.com/saumya654 Mobile No:7452904655 SAUMYA MAHESHWARI Personal Profile Dynamic and ambitious B.Tech. student in Computer Science with a passion for machine learning and web development. Possessing a strategic mindset, I thrive in fast-paced environments, adapting quickly to emerging technologies and industry trends. With a strong foundation in both theoretical concepts and practical applications, I am commited to delivering innovative solutions that drive organizational success. Skilled in collaborative problem-solving and effec ve communication, I am eager to leverage my adaptability and strategic thinking to contribute positively to challenging projects in the field of technology. Education Kiet Group of Instituions BTech in Computer Science Ghaziabad, India July 2021- May 2025  Courses: Data structure and Algorithms, Database Management System, Operating System, OOPS, Computer Networks  Maintained a cgpa of 8.45. ST. Marys Convent Sr. Sec. School Intermediate:   Passed with 94% Specialized in Physics, Chemistry, and Maths with Computer Science Dhampur, India Apr 2020 - Apr 2021 Experience AWS Machine Learning   Implemented AWS cloud solu ons, enhancing system scalability. It also gave me the knowledge about cloud. It was a virtual internship which gave me the knowledge and hands on on projects. TECHNOHACKS INTERNSHIP This internship was based on Machine learning .In this internship their were two tasks that include iris prediction,wine prediction. Projects Neflix clone:  Using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT. Disease Prediction on and Fitness Activity: Using WEB development and machine learning .This is to predict the physicological diseases with help of questionaires and also recommends some fitness activity to maintain good health. Implemented a Project on wine quality predic on in ML:The wine quality prediction project aims to forecast the quality of wine based on various attributes such as acidity, pH level, alcohol content, etc. The project involves understanding the problem, preprocessing the data, performing exploratory data analysis, selecting appropriate machine learning models, training and evaluating the models, Implemented a Project on iris detection : The iris prediction project aims to classify iris flowers into different species based on their attributes like sepal and petal dimensions. It involves exploring the dataset, preprocessing the data, selecting and training classification models, evaluating their performance, Skills Programming language: JAVA, C,Basic C++,HTML, CSS, Basic C, PYTHON, REACT, NODE. Miscellaneous: SQL, Regression, classification and clustering, Problem-solving on platforms like Leetcode ,GFG. SOFT SKILLS: Adaptability, Negotiation skills, Project management, team player. An active member in DSDL CLUB.An active member of kinesis technical society by the department of Computer Science COURSES:Done a bootcamp on AR/VR.Also done courses on database management system and blockchain on Linkledin Learning. Languages English Professional proficiency Hindi Naive proficiency 2