A D I T Y R O Y Web Developer +91-9811556614 | adityroy.ar10@gmail.com | Portfolio | Github SUMMARY Skilled web developer with expertise in crafting attractive and user-friendly websites that boost interaction and yield outcomes. Proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Redux, and the MERN stack. Demonstrated ability in efficient self-management for independent projects and effective teamwork in collaborative environments. WORK EXPERIENCE VIRAL FISSION - Team leader Dec 2020 - Dec 2022 Adapted quickly to the role of youth ambassador upon joining. Efficiently managed 30+ ambassadors, ensuring seamless execution of tasks and responsibilities. PROJECTS E-commerce Website | Nextjs, RestAPI, Stripe, MongoDB, Clerk, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn 2024 Built a simple e-commerce website enabling users to browse products, add them to the cart or wishlist and complete the checkout process using Stripe. Developed a comprehensive REST API supporting essential ecommerce functionalities including product management, user authentication, order processing, and product management. Designed endpoints for adding, updating, and deleting products; managing customer profiles and orders. Optimized database interactions and ensured scalability using MongoDB, achieving high performance and data integrity. E-commerce dashboard | Nextjs, RestAPI, Stripe, MongoDB, Clerk, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn Created an e-commerce dashboard for admin users to manage products and collections. Enabled tracking of customers, their order details, total revenue, and orders. Optimized database interactions and ensured scalability using MongoDB, achieving high performance and data integrity. Integrated Stripe for secure payment processing. Implemented REST API for efficient data handling and communication. Used Clerk for authentication and user management. 2024 2023 Coffee Shop | Reactjs, EmailJS Developed a platform where users can browse and select from different varieties of coffee. Implemented a table reservation feature where users can provide their details to reserve a table. Integrated EmailJS to send confirmation emails for table reservations. Utilized ReactJS to build an intuitive and responsive user interface. Netflix clone | ReactJS, Redux, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB, Firesbase 2023 Developed a Netflix clone utilizing the TMDB API for movie data retrieval. Implemented user authentication and data storage using Firebase. Enabled users to search for movies by genre and like or unlike them. Utilized Redux for state management to ensure a seamless user experience. Built a scalable backend with NodeJS and ExpressJS, and managed data with MongoDB. SKILLS Languages: HTML, CSS, JavaScript Technologies/Frameworks: React, Next.js, Express.js, Redux, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, Shadcn Databases: MongoDB Developer Tools: VS Code, GitHub EDUCATION CBS Group of Institutions | 2020 - 2024 | B Tech Computer Science and Engineering - 73% Lilawati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School | 2019 | 12th - 80% Lilawati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School | 2017 | 10th - 94% CERTIFICATES Devtown certificate for completing a bootcamp on "Netflix Clone" using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Lets Upgrade certificate for completing the "React.js Essentials" bootcamp. Lets Upgrade certificate for completing the "Postman API Fundamentals" bootcamp. Lets Upgrade certificate for completing the "JavaScript Essentials" bootcamp.