Shambhavi Narendra Jadhav IT Engineer +91 9067630330 | shambhavijadhav6@gmail.com Summary As a dedicated IT Engineering student, I aim to leverage my programming and technical skills to contribute effectively to an organization's growth and success. I am eager to apply my expertise in programming and technology to help drive innovation and achieve the organization's objectives. Technical Skills Languages: Python, C++, JavaScript Software: Jupyter Notebook, Android Studio, PyCharm, GoogleColab, Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code AI and Machine Learning: Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning Frameworks: TensorFlow, Keras, Streamlit, Flask, Django, Express.js, Node.js, React.js, Angular.js Web Development and Front-End: Html, CSS, Bootstrap Tools and Databases: Git, MySQL, SQL, MongoDB Projects Millets Recognition System 2 March 2024 Tools  Deep Learning , Streamlit  In this project we have Used CNN algorithm, created our own Database by taking high quality pictures of different millets, used python Streamlit framework & used various features of streamlit.  It identifies image of millet and gives its benefits, nutritional values, minerals, where they found is defined using map and gives recipe of that specific millet.  Leveraging the advancements in computer vision and deep learning, the project aims to develop a robust model capable of accurately identifying and categorizing various millets. Diet Recommendation System Dec. 2023 Tools - Machine Learning, Django  Used Django framework of python.  In this after entering your age weight and height it calculates BMI and according to that it recommends the diet plan for person.  Where you can plan your diet by yourself.  It focuses on giving proper diet plan and recipe for every meal.  Analyzes the Polarity of tweets and Sentiments of tweets  Automation of Purchase Order for Bentonite Products (Minepro minerals Company) Nov. 2023 Tools  React.js  Using React.js responsive forms are created for purchase of bentonite products.  This automatically sends mail to customer for confirmation of their purchase order.  This makes ordering product easy and efficient. Education Pursuing BE  IT Engineering Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College- Average CGPI 8.26 HSC- 12th G.K.Sapre Science Junior College - Passed with 89.17 SSC -10th 2021 - 2025 2020  2021 Dadasaheb Sarfare School  Passed with 84.20 2018  2019 Internships 1. Intern at OASIS INFOBYTE: Web Development and Designing 2. Internship at ACM SAKEC: Created AIML Project - Diet Recommendation System using Django wed Framework 3. Internship with Python: At Department of Electronics & Computer Science Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College Certifications Introduction To Data Science - Cisco  Python Besics - Infosys  Programming Essentials in Python - Cisco  Python for Data Science - Infosys  TensorFlow for AI: Neural Network Representation Complete 2024  Coursera  Data Analytics Essentials - Cisco   Networking Certificates - Cisco  React Js- Great Learning      Cybersecurity Essentials, Introduction to Cyber Security - Cisco  Database Design  Infosys  Google Clou JavaScript Front-end Development: Fundamentals - Infosys JavaScript Front-end Development: Frameworks  Infosys JavaScript Essentials - Cisco Fundamentals of Cyber Security  Google