Danda Satya Naga Sathwik EDUCATION S.R.M A.P (S.R.M Institute of Science and Technology - Amravati Campus) Sept 2021 - Jul 2025  B.Tech in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning  Cumulative GPA:  Honors: Awarded merit-based scholarship covering 100% tuition fees for 4 consecutive years in recognition of 9.0 outstanding academic excellence and achievements. Narayana Olympiad School  Secured 93% in Senior Secondary CBSE Boards Jun 2019 - Aug 2021 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SRM - AP, Research Intern Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Implemented an image generation project focusing on Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs).   Collaborated with a team of interns to design and implement a GAN architecture for synthesizing realistic images.  Conducted extensive research on GAN frameworks, including DCGAN, SRGAN to identify the most suitable approach for the project objectives. UROP (Undergraduate Research Opportunity Program) Sept 2023  Dec 2023  Designed and implemented an advanced object detection model to recognize and report accidents in images and videos. Implemented an automated email notification system to alert authorities on accident detection.   Crafted email notifications containing crucial details:   Date and time stamp for chronological incident organization. Attached image capturing the accident scene at the moment of detection. PROJECTS Celebrity Image Generation using DCGANs  Implemented a research paper on Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Networks (DCGANs) to generate realistic images.  Fine-tuned hyperparameters and experimented with various configurations to enhance the quality of generated images. Integrated findings into a comprehensive report detailing model architecture, training process, and results analysis.   Conducted thorough evaluations and analyses of generated images, comparing them with ground truth data using deep learning frameworks.  Technologies Used: Python, Pytorch, Deep Learning, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). PathFinderX: Interactive Pathfinding Visualizer  Developed a web-based pathfinding visualizer tool using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to demonstrate various pathfinding algorithms.  The tool allows users to visualize the process of finding the shortest path between two points on a grid using  algorithms such as A* (A-star), Breadth-First Search (BFS), and Depth-First Search (DFS). Integrated interactive features to allow users to draw obstacles, specify start and end points, and initiate pathfinding simulations.  Leveraged event-driven programming in JavaScript to update the grid dynamically during pathfinding simulations and provide real-time visualization feedback.  Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript High-Resolution Image Enhancement with SRGANs  Developed a system for improving the quality and details of low-resolution images by generating corresponding high- resolution versions using SRGANs.  Fine-tuned hyperparameters and utilized generative adversarial networks (GANs) to learn high-frequency details and textures in low-resolution images.  Technologies Used: Deep Learning, Super-Resolution, Super Resolution Generative Adversarial Networks (SRGANs) SKILLS AND INTERESTS Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript Skills: HTML, CSS, Pytorch, Scikit-learn, MYSQL, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib Version Control : Git, Github CERTIFICATIONS  Python for Machine Learning and Data Science Master Class (Udemy) LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Next Tech Lab (NTL), Associate Member December 2022  January 2024  Actively contributed to creating an environment conducive to brainstorming, ideation, and problem-solving using cutting-edge technologies.  Assisted in organizing and facilitating events, workshops, and hackathons to promote knowledge sharing, skill development, and community building within the lab.