Utkarsh Singh Email Id: singhutkarsh2003@gmail.com Contact No: +91-8076693937 LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/utkarsh-singh-62383a23a/ Carrer Objective Looking for a challenging role in an organization to utilize my acquired technical skill- set and knowledge for the growth of the organization as well as to enhance my knowledge about new and emerging trends in the IT sector. Academic Qualification  B.Tech. from Manipal University, Jaipur with 8.30 CGPA (2021-2025)  12th from CBSE Board, Delhi with 83.2% in 2021  10th from CBSE Board, Delhi with 88.43% in 2019 Technical Skills & Certifications Technical Skills: -  Programming Languages: Python, Java  Database: SQL  Framework & Libraries: Reactjs, Pytorch, Flask  Tools & Technologies: Git, IntelliJ IDEA, HTML, CSS, Power BI, Machine Learning, Internet of Things, AWS Certifications: - 1) NPTEL  Computer Network & Internet protocol 2) Google- Advance Google Analytics 3) TCS ION- Artificial Intelligence with Python 4) IBM- Introduction to Software Engineering Project name: Forecasting and Visualizing Stock updates with Dash Projects undertaken Description: 1) Developed a sophisticated stock forecasting and visualization dashboard using Dash, integrating dynamic data retrieval and predictive modeling for comprehensive stock market analysis, while featuring real-time updates and interactive visualizations 2) Implemented user-friendly components such as input fields for stock ticker symbols and date range selectors, ensuring seamless user interaction. The dashboard utilized yfinance for data retrieval, ARIMA for accurate forecasting, and Plotly for visually appealing graphs. 3) Tech Stack: Utilized Dash, Flask, scikit learn, Git, Jupyter Notebook for development. Project name: YouTube Transcript Summarizer Description: 1) Built with a robust technology stack, the YouTube Transcript Summarizer leverages React to create a highly efficient and user-friendly application. This project integrates pivotal libraries such as Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK) fortext processing 2) The combination of real-time data processing, secure authentication via Firebase, and advanced natural language processing techniques guarantees a comprehensive and reliable platform for summarizing video content. 3) Tech Stack: Utilizes HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, and Flask for development Training during Internship  Done 2 months training at Celebal Technologies from 3rd June 2024 to 3rd August 2024  Gained hands-on experience in data visualization, dashboard creation, and Power BI best practices.  Worked on real-world projects to transform complex datasets into actionable insights for business decision-making. Personal Strengths  Positive Thinking  Have sense of Ownership  Dedication  Team collaboration to achieve goals Extra-Curricular Activities  Was part of VRsatile United Team where we organized and participated in various tech- events where I played a key role in coordinating activities and engaging the tech community.  Organized and moderated discussions on current affairs and technology trends. Personal Details Date of Birth: 30th May 2003 Languages Known: English & Hindi Address: Chintels Serenity, Tower 6- 901, Sector 109, Dwarka Expressway, Gurugram- 122006