V Subadevaeswaran (cid:211) +91 7338755876 subadevaeswaranv@gmail.com Subadevaeswaran (cid:135) subadevaeswaran EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology B.E - Computer Science and Engineering - CGPA - 8.36 EXPERIENCE 2021 - 2025 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Vividobots Pvt Ltd., | Front-End Developer May 2023 - August 2023  Developed a fully responsive website that adapts perfectly to desktops, tablets, and mobile devices, leading to a 20% increase in mobile traffic . This ensures a seamless user experience across all devices  dynamic and interactive elements like carousels or product configurators. This resulted in a 15% increase in user click-through rate on product pages . demonstrating a more engaging experience  Utilized Tailwind CSS, a pre-built CSS framework, to style web pages efficiently. This approach reduced development time by 30% compared to traditional methods , allowing for a faster website launch  Integrated JavaScript and SMTP.js to create a contact form. This facilitated communication between clients and management, leading to a 10% increase in contact form submissions for potential business leads.  Tech Stack :React JS , Express Js , SMTP Js , Cloudflare , PostgreSql . PROJECTS Inventory Management System Java , Jenkins , MySql 2023  Developed a comprehensive Inventory Management System to efficiently manage inventory, dynamically update product and customer details, and streamline business operations achieving 40% .  Enables Admin to manage customer information, including contact details, purchase history, and preferences, for efficient customer relationship management .Export reports to PDF or Excel formats  Automated inventory processes reduce manual work and errors, improving overall operational ef eficiency by up to 30%.Detailed reports and real-time data provide insights that aid in strategic decision-making Rental Application Next Js , React Js , MySql , Tailwind CSS 2024  Developed a web application for property and house rentals achieving 80% of the desired features, including property search, listing, and geo-location mapping features in the listing of the property post  Enables user to dynamically upload their property and get listed to the user who are searching them according to the requirements . This feature increased user to list a property by 50% listing  Allows users to access a secure authentication system and achieved them 80% efficient as expected TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Java , C , C++ . Front End : XML , HTML , CSS , Java Script , React Js , Next Js , Tailwind, BootStrap . Back End : SpringBoot , Node Js , Express Js , MySql , Mongo DB ,PostgreSQL , Prisma . Other Tools : Git , Docker , AWS , Azure , Figma , Postman , Supabase , Visual Studio code . Coding Platforms  Hacker Rank : Earned Golden Badge in Java Programming by securing 850 points  Geeks for geeks Solved 100+ Problems in the platform and secured 1434 score in weekly contest  Leetcode Solved 130+ Problems and secured 1582 points in one of the weekly contest CERTIFICATIONS  Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning - NPTEL  Full Stack Developer Bootcamp - UDEMY  Cisco Certified Network Associate - CISCO