ANKIT KUMAR SINGH , @ singhankit87977@gmail.com O 8797744902 i Noida Sector 126 Uttar Pradesh India 201303 www.linkedin.com/in/ankitsingh530 SUMMARY Dynamic and result -oriented professional with 6+ years of experience in client relationship and business development using technology. Skilled Business developer with knowledge in nance, software sales, Edtech CRM, hospitality, international market statics, lead organization, team handeling, negotiations and driving impactful revenue strategies. WORK HISTORY 20/04/2024 - UpGrad Study Abroad Senior AC L2 (Grade2) Looking after the Universities and program mapping of USA, France, Germany, UK, Finland, Australia, UAE. Engageing with potential learners to understand their career goals, plan their educational path, and illustrate how we can accelerate their professional growth. Establish and maintain relationships with universities and educational institutions across various countries. Meet weekly targeta, consultation and collection targets through effective market strategies. Sales coordination and of the sales life cycle, from initial contact to Payments. Disciplined approach to building sales funnels, tracking feedback, and prioritizing tasks to exceed targets. Stay updated on changes in education policies, immigration regulations, and market trends. Maintain accurate records, auditing and documentation related to admissions and learner interactions. Providing nancial assistance in colabroation with the international nance partners. Acquisition of new universities and institution for further franchising business. 10/03/2022 - 08/10/2023 Think & Learn Pvt Ltd.(Byjus) Business Development Manager (Inside Sales) Here as a BDM i am responsible for: Lead generation and then successfully turning opportunities into converted business through regular Cold Callings to K10 & K12 and Competative leads. Managed a portfolio of Tier-1 and Tier-2 parents grievances to maximize post enrollment. Objection handling of parents for need generation, course presentation and product demonstration. Developing and training team over new sales strategies through understanding customers need and current competative & fast paced environment. Negotiation with the customers , need generation and revenue generation. Recommend and understand customer needs while helping businesses and giving attention to details using CRM software. Utilized MS Excel, Access, and PowerPoint to efciently process access requests and maintain interested prospects for regualr follow-ups. Handling Outbound and Inbound Calls and managing pipeline of potential prospects on CRM software. Preparing revenue reports of each team member on day to day basis and sharing with higher management, etc. Coordinating with other operations, technical, n-ops and marketing team in smooth function of course punching. 15/09/2020 - 09/03/2022 Think & Learn Pvt Ltd. (Ed Tech) Business Development Associate (Inside Sales) As A Senior BDA My Responsibilities Were: Working as an academic Counselor, doing need generation through outbound and inbound calling for all three segments like K3,K10,& K12. Conducting product demos and presentations to students while answering and addressing their concerns. Cold Calling and pipeline management with existing and new prospects. Taking Follow-ups virtual meet-ups to explain about our course in details and close the sale. Achieving the weekly and monthly targets of enrollments while maintaining customer relationship. Diligently communicating and priming the lead through channels like email's and calls. 10/09/2019 - 9/9/2020 Cocoon Sales Manager( Hospitality B2B) Some of my Customer Handling Strategies were: 7/10/2018 - 30/08/2019 Sales Approach: Developing and implementing effective sales for revenue generation and continuous business development. Account Management : Building MIS & Market intelligence reports, preparing sales plans, and sharing insights on market and industry with clients and internal stake holders Negotiations: Networking, deal Initiating, strategize in order to market the hotels at the same time grow the business. Also parleying contract rates & terms with corporate clients to maximize protability. Financial Blueprint: Developing and maintain sales budget and allocating resources effectively to achieve the sales target. Training and Development: Grow Net Revenue in the market by producing business plans to achieve revenue goals and developing the sales team to enhance their skills and abilities. Smart Solutions Pvt Ltd Corporate Sales Executive B2B (US/ European Market) I was responsible for building and maintaining strong relationship with International clients, understanding their nancial needs and providing personalized advice. Guiding them through application process, collecting necessary documentation, and discussing mortgage. Assessing the risk associated with each mortgage and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. Cross-selling nancial products and services by our organization. Monitoring market trends, competitor offerings, etc. Collaborating with other departments such as sales, marketing, nops and operations. CERTIFICATION Leadership and Management Certication. Chat GPT 101 Business & Data Analytics With Excel Power BI Certication Digital Marketing strategy SKILLS Excellent English Communication & Interpersonl Skills. Having Prociency in CRM Software like Salesforce, Lead Square, Zendesk,CMS. HRMS Platforms like ,Darwinbix, Keka, Salesfactor, etc. Prociency in MS Excel, MS Access, MS PowerPoint, MS Word, etc. Customer Acqusition & Account Management skills. Digital Marketing Data Analytics & IT Sales. Strong Problem Solving skills. Customer Relationship Managememt. International Sales and Real Estate Knowledge EDUCATION Vinoba Bhave University 2017 Bachelors Degree In Business Accounting & Finance A Orissa Maritime Academy 2015 Diploma In Marine Engineering De Nobili School CISC 2013 12th Level Senior Secondary Education De Nobili School CMRI ICSE 2011 10th Level PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS * Over 6+ Years of experience in Education & training. * Achieved 150% plus of revenue target on team level with more than 90% of client retention while fostering client relationship. * Adopting new technologies and techniques to increase sales. * Managed and mentored the team as a business development manager assisting the team in achieving weekly targets. * Handling a team size of 10 members. * Planning and executing VC interactions with parents and students to increase course awareness and new enrollments. PERSONAL INFORMATION Date of Birth : 07/09/1993 Marital Status : Single Nationality : Indian Gender : Male ACCOMPLISHMENTS Promoted to Team Leader on a very short notice due to my exeptional performance. Named "Star Performer of the Year Award". Got 4 Promotions and 5 Awards for my exceptional performance at work. Created a company-wide, comprehensive training program for all sales team members. Collaborated with team having same goal of target Worked on Projects and achieved targets.