JYOTHI PRAKASH REDDY C O E A N A L Y S T H R E X E C U T I V E ABOUT ME An independent and self-motivated graduate with proven and tested negotiation and HR skills. 2 years of experience in the HR recruitment and HR Excutive roles. Involved in IT and Non IT Recruitment, end to end Recruitment, sourcing, screening, and also conducting interviews. Have experience in Hiring for C2H as well as Employee engagement, payroll management and database management. WORK EXPERIENCE COE ANALYST HR EXECUTIVE Quess IT Stafng EDUCATION and memorable experiences for participants.  Organized and executed engaging employee engagement activities, fostering a positive work environment and boosting team morale.  Successfully managed event management tasks, ensuring seamless execution MBA HR AND MARKETINGG DAYANANDA SAGAR COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING 01/2021-04/2022 BCOM Silicon City College 04/2017 - 12/2020  Created and maintained a comprehensive database of candidates, streamlining the recruitment process and facilitating efcient talent acquisition.  Utili  Utilized complex data analysis to identify areas for process improvement and optimize results, leading to increased efciency and cost savings.  Developed and implemented employee relations plans, effectively resolving issues and promoting a harmonious work environment.  Handled client interactions and maintained strong relationships, ensuring client satisfaction and repeat business.  Implemen  Implemented cost reduction strategies and process optimization initiatives, resulting in improved efciencies and meeting talent management goals.  Conducted interviews with recruiters, effectively assessing their suitability for the organization and conveying policies and rules to employees. INTERESTS & HOBBIES  Prepared joining documents for recruiters, ensuring a smooth onboarding  Youtubing  Travelling  Moto Vlogging  Photography  Blogging Phone +91 93792 07166 Email jyothijazz002@gmail.com LinkedIn linkedin.com/in/Jyothi Prakash Reddy linkedin.com/in/Jyothi Prakash Reddy Address Bengaluru, Karnataka process.  Managed end  Managed end-to-end recruitment processes for clients such as GENPACT, TARGET, ACCENTURE AIRTEL, NOMURA, MUFG, GOLDMAN SAC, successfully lling bulk openings.  Identied and sourced suitable candidates for technical and non-technical roles, aligning their skills with client requirements.  Articulated client requirements, culture, and compatibility factors to ensure successful hires.  Utilized various job boards and social media platforms (Linkedin, Naukri, Monster,  Utili Shine) to source and screen potential candidates.  Maintained regular communication with candidates, keeping them informed of application status and updates.  Managed the full life cycle recruitment process, including sourcing, networking, conducting interviews, and scheduling client interviews.  O Organized and managed new hire paperwork, ensuring a smooth onboarding process for new employees.  Presented job offers to selected candidates, negotiating terms and facilitating successful hires. SKILLS Employee database Management Payroll Management Employee Engagement Recruitment Client management ATS (application tracker system) Performance management