(cid:128) MyPortfolio  Chinni Yandapalli | (cid:239) Yandapalli Chinni | # chinni yandapalli@srmap.edu.in | H +91 8247708236 Chinni Yandapalli Summary As a dedicated computer science engineering student proficient in Python, SQL, and C, with a robust understanding of data structures and algorithms and front-end technologies, specializing in big data analysis. Bringing innovative perspectives, a strong drive for continuous learning, and a commitment to collaborative problem-solving. Eager to leverage a solid academic foundation, passion for technology, and expertise in big data to drive impactful results. Work Experience Insignia Consultancy Solutions May 2024-Aug 2024 Performed data cleaning and preprocessing, enabling effective comparison with NER models. Increased the NER model accuracy by 10% through data annotation, expanding the entity set, and manual database creation.Conducted research and development on entity recognition to enhance model performance. CodeSwap Solutions June 2023- Aug 2023 Implemented a full-stack application for legal case management, improving page load speed by 20% through optimized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript practices. Spearheaded enhancing a case code mapper model by incorporating TF-IDF and cosine similarity, which resolved synonym detection issues. Retrained the model using enriched synonym databases, boosting model accuracy by 25% and improving overall data processing efficiency. Research Intern Aug 2023- Dec 2023 Worked on the project D2D (Device-to-Device) Communication using 5G technology. Conducted research and developed algorithms to enhance direct communication between devices, improving network efficiency and reducing latency. Analyzed data and performance metrics to optimize communication protocols for 5G networks. Projects Calculator App May 2024- June 2024 Developed a calculator app using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Provided users with essential arithmetic functionalities. Ensured compatibility across various devices and screen sizes with a responsive design. Offered a seamless and intuitive experience for performing calculations Fake News Prediction March 2024- April 2024 Implemented a fake news prediction system using logistic regression in Python. Cleaned and vectorized the text data, trained the model on labeled news articles, and optimized its performance to accurately classify articles as real or fake. The system was rigorously tested to ensure robust and reliable predictions. Study of MAC Layer Protocol for WSN Using Clustering Techniques June 2023- Aug 2023 As a summer intern, explored MAC protocols for WSN with a focus on energy-efficient clustering schemes, gaining hands-on experience with the LEACH protocol and implementing the K-means algorithm. Analyzed protocol performance to optimize network energy consumption and improve clustering efficiency. Analog Clock and Digital Clock in Python Aug 2022- Dec 2022 Led analog and digital clock applications in Python using the turtle, time, and tkinter modules. Implemented real-time clock functionality with seamless user interaction, allowing customization of features like clock appearance and format. The analog clock was built with graphical elements using the turtle module, while the digital clock utilized tkinter for a responsive and user-friendly interface. Education B.Tech in Computer Science and Technology SRM University AP, CGPA-8.72 Minor course in Management Intermediate Sri Chaitanya Junior College,97.4 SSC Akshaya Kerala English Medium High School,98 2021-2025 2019-2021 2018-2019 Skills Soft Skills Certifications Programming Languages Databases Tools and Technologies Frameworks and Libraries Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib Coursework C, Python, C++, Java Script SQL,MongoDB VS Code, Excel, Github, Git, Linux, HTML, CSS Database Management System, Oops, Data Structures and Algorithms, Software Engineer- ing, Operating Systems, Cloud basics Communication Skills, quick learner, Teamwork, adaptable, Problem solving, Interpersonal skills Certificate of Participation for App Dev 2.0 workshop Certificate of Completion - Introduction to Data Analytics Certificate of Completion - Database Management System in NPTEL Certificate of Participation - Code Knight (A National Level Codethon) Achievements  Adobe GenSolve Hackathon: Ranked within the top 5% of participants.