Sushma Kalam  Sushmakalam | (cid:239) sushma-kalam | # sushmakalam@srmap.edu.in | H +919490552107 Summary As a Computer Science Engineering graduate, I am seeking a position where I can leverage my problem- solving skills and apply my knowledge in a practical setting. With a strong foundation in computer science and a passion for exploring innovative solutions to complex problems, I am eager to contribute to a dynamic team and learn from experienced professionals in the industry. Work Experience Intern Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Participated in a virtual internship program offered by APSSDC specializing in Data Analysis.Completed a hands-on project that enhanced skills in data manipulation, visualization, and problem-solving. This inaugural experience has laid a solid groundwork for my future career aspirations. Projects Weather-App This weather app lets users search for city weather and displays current conditions with temperature and details. It fetches data from OpenWeatherMap and updates the UI with relevant weather icons and animations. Error handling is included to manage invalid locations. Video Conferencing Website Developed a real-time video conferencing application using modern technologies such as React.js, Next.js, and GetStream.io. Implemented features for seamless video communication, and secure user authentica- tion using Clerk. Portfolio Developed a personal portfolio website featuring a fixed, animated navbar and dynamic content sections with smooth transitions. It includes interactive elements using FontAwesome icons and emphasizes visual engagement with hover effects and animations. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Class 12th Board of Intermediate Education AP Class 10th Board of Secondary Education AP (GPA: 9.10) (975/1000) (10.0) Technical Skills Languages Databases Other Skills Data Structures C, C++, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript Relational Database(MySQL) Achievements Certificate of internship in DATA ANALYSIS WITH PYTHON Solved a total of 750+ problems on leetcode (Leetcode),geeksforgeeks (GFG) and codechef (Codechef) Achieved a four-star rating in Problem Solving, and recognized as a silver-level achiever HackerRank certificate Certified in SQL (Intermediate) by HackerRank, demonstrating proficiency in SQL skills .