SHIVANK SRIVASTAVA +91 8009719526  Greater Noida West, UP shivanksrivastava05582@gmail.com  linkedin- shivank-srivastava  Github- shivank-007 OBJECTIVE Enthusiastic fresher with a passion for building intuitive and user-friendly web applications. Proficient in languages like HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Python, along with frameworks. Committed to continuous learning and adapting to new technologies for creating impactful solutions. EDUCATION Master of Computer Application- Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida 2023 - Present Bachelor of Science- Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur 2020 - 2023 Intermediate- KSIC Inter College, Kanpur High School- KSIC Inter College, Kanpur SKILLS 2020 2018 Technical Skills Soft Skills Database Python,Java with DSA,Web Development Teamwork, Problem-solving, Critical thinking, Agile development, Time Management MySQL, MongoDB PROJECTS ShopClick - An Ecommerce Website. ShopClick is an ambitious e-commerce web application designed to streamline online shopping. Leveraging a contemporary tech stack, it offers users a sophisticated shopping experience. It combines the power of Tailwind CSS for the frontend with Firebase for the backend to create a robust and user- friendly platform. Portfolio - The portfolio is specialize in crafting dynamic and responsive web experiences using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. With a keen eye for design and a passion for clean, efficient code, I strive to create websites that not only look stunning but also function seamlessly across all devices. From elegant layouts to interactive features, My projects showcase my versatility and dedication to delivering high-quality web solutions. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Volunteer at a college fest When Im doing my Bachelor, By participating as a volunteer, students not only gain valuable hands-on experience in event planning and management but also develop essential teamwork and communication skills.Volunteering at a college fest can be a rewarding and enriching experience that contributes to personal growth, community engagement, and the overall vibrancy of campus life. CERTIFICATES  Certificate in Basic of Python by Infosys Springboard . Certificate  Certificate in Introduction of Python by Infosys Springboard . Certificate  Certificate in Next Gen Technologies by Infosys Springboard . Certificate  Certificate in Design thining of Innovation by Infosys Springboard . Certificate