Somey Gupta +916398835538 guprasomey22@gmail.com LinkedIn || Meerut Profile Crafting insights at the intersection of data and strategy, Innovative tech enthusiast and motivated individual with a keen interest in data analytics and business intelligence. Eager to apply my analytical skills and technical expertise to drive data-driven decisions and deliver actionable business solutions. Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science AI & ML(Hons) Dewan Public School, Meerut Higher Secondary Certificate - 85.6 Dewan Public School, Meerut Secondary School Certificate - 88.6 Experience 2021  2025 2020  2021 2018  2019 Celebal Technologies Jun 2024  Aug 2024 Data Science Intern  Developed a machine learning model to predict customer churn for a subscription-based service, enabling proactive retention measures such as incentives and personalized promotions.  Achieved maximum accuracy of 81.23% using Adaboost.  Skills Used: MODEL SELECTION | MODEL TRAINING | CROSS-VALIDATION | PREDICTIVE ANALYSIS | FEATURE ENGINEERING Projects E-commerce Sales Analysis Dashboard  Developed a Power BI dashboard to analyze e-commerce sales data and identify trends.  Utilized DAX to create custom calculations and visualizations.  Improved data-driven decision-making by providing actionable insights. Color Detection of RGB Images using OpenCV  Developed a color detection algorithm on NumPy which is capable of detection various colors like blue, green, yellow, red etc. My contribution is to build a Hue Saturation value indicator telling wavelengths of different colors to detect them correctly The project can be used in future for detection of number plates to classify them as private, commercial or electric vehicle  Personal Voice Assistant  Developed a personal voice assistance which is capable of doing tasks like playing music, cracking jokes, finding the meaning of word by opening Wikipedia.  I have used Using technologies like Smptlip, Pytsx3 and sapi5. We have also Used Pytsx3, a python library that will help us to convert text to speech. sapi5 is used to help in synthesis and recognition of voice. Certifications  Database Foundations (Oracle Academy)  Cisco Certified Networking Associate  Machine learning using Python (IBM Coursera)  Cisco Certified Data Analytics Essentials Skills  Proficient in Python and SQL at an intermediate level  Microsoft PowerBI  Advanced Excel   Time Management Soft Skills - Leadership, Critical Thinking, Communication Skills