JAIRAM SUBHASH (cid:131) +91 8828079188 # subhashjairam70@gmail.com (cid:239) https://www.linkedin.com/in/jairam-subhash-4bb0a3229/  https://github.com/JairamSubhash Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Hiranandani Foundation School Thane Class 12th Billabong High International School Thane Class 10th Certificate 2021 - 2025 Current CGPA : 8.12/10 May 2021 85.2 May 2019 90.67 Complete Machine Learning and Data Science Bootcamp 2023 by Zero to Mastery Skills Programming Languages: Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL Tools and Libraries: React.js, Bootstrap Relevant Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Computer Networks, Relational Database Management Systems Projects Travel Website(HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, SQL) Apr 2023  Developed a responsive travel website utilizing HTML, CSS, and vanilla JavaScript, featuring sections for home, about, packages, and booking functionalities.  Implemented backend functionality using PHP and MySQL for dynamic content management and user booking interaction.  Ensured cross-device compatibility and user accessibility through responsive design techniques. Allyers: AI Mental Health Assistant(HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, AIvinya API, ResponsiveVoice.js) Mar 2023  Contributed by working in a team of three members in developing Allyers, a mental wellness platform that utilizes AI to provide personalised mental health support, suggestions and consultations.  Allyers ChatBuddy allows to input prompts, provide text-based responses, and have them read aloud using voice conversion technology.  Utilized the layout editor to create a UI for the application in order to allow different scenes to interact with each other. Tic Tac Toe Game(React.js, JavaScript, CSS) July 2023  Developed an interactive Tic Tac Toe game using React.js with useState and useEffect hooks for dynamic UI and state management.  Implemented a modular component-based architecture for maintainable and reusable code.  Enhanced user experience with JavaScript audio for gameplay sound effects and a responsive design using CSS flex-box and grid.  Ensured cross-device compatibility and accessibility through responsive design principles. Extracurricular Anant Drishti Club (Web Developer) 2022 - 2023  Contributed to managing the clubs website using my web development skills to boost our online presence. Cinefilia - Dramatics and Filmmaking Society (Admin Team Member) 2022 - 2023  Took part in theatrical auditions and assisted in securing event permissions for the Dramatics and Filmmaking Club, highlighting a mix of artistic passion and organizational prowess.