Harshita Kasaudhan (cid:131) +91 8052589730 # kharshitaa1611@gmail.com (cid:239) http://www.linkedin.com/in/harshitakasaudhan  https://github.com/harshii16 Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech, Computer Science And Engineering Little Flower School Senior Secondary Technical Skills Sep. 2021  May 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan 2020 Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh Languages:C/C++, HTML/CSS, JavaScript/Typescript, SQL,Python Developer Tools: VS Code,Git,Google Cloud Platform, Android Studio Technologies/Frameworks: React JS, Node JS, Next JS, MongoDB, AWS Development, RapidAPI Experience Infotachus Pvt Ltd Web Developer Intern June 2024-July2024 Remote  Assisted in designing and developing responsive web interfaces using HTML, CSS, JavaScript (React/Angular), and collaborated on server-side development with Node.js/PHP, integrating MySQL/MongoDB databases.  Worked with RESTful APIs to connect front-end applications to back-end services, identified and resolved bugs, and optimized performance for improved load times and user interactions. SCOPE PR Intern Aug 2022  Sep 2022 Remote  Conducted market research to support PR strategies, identifying key trends and opportunities.  Spearheaded the maintenance and organization of the companys investment forum records, ensuring accuracy and accessibility. IEEE Women In Engineering Senior Event Coordinator Sep 2022  May 2023 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Coordinated and Conducted various Tech and Non-Tech events, workshops, hackathons - The Fast Switch, Genesis 2.0, HackHer.  Organized local IEEE day events with a participation of over 200+ participants and hepled in networking. Projects Personal Portfolio Website | HTML, CSS, Javascript.  Developed a modern, responsive portfolio website showcasing my projects, skills, and professional experience.  Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to engineer a seamless and intuitive user experience, incorporating advanced design principles and ensuring cross-platform compatibility. TravelAdvisor | React JS, Node js, Rapid API, HTML, CSS, Javascript  Developed a dynamic web application for hotel reviews, nearby attractions, and restaurant recommendations, seamlessly integrated with geo-location using RapidAPI.  Interactive map feature guides users with precision, enhancing the overall user experience. Hackify | Next JS 14, Tailwind CSS, Shadcn, React Hook Form, Zod, Uploadthing, React-Datepicker, Mongoose, Clerk.  Pioneered a comprehensive web application facilitating seamless organization and hosting of diverse events, fostering community engagement and collaboration.  The platform encompasses an extensive event directory with detailed information on themes, dates, participation modalities, and more, fostering seamless event organization and participation. Courses/Certifications  Mastering Data Structures And Algorithm - Abdul Bari  Design and Analysis of Algorithms-NPTEL  Getting Started with Enterprise Grade AI-IBM  Academy Cloud Foundations-AWS  IDEATHON Enterprise 2024-CISCO  PCAP Programming Essentials In Python-CISCO  Databases Foundations - ORACLE  Data Center And Virtualization-VMWare  Introduction To Java-COURSERA