Muthu Eswari R mutheeslavanya@gmail.com 6380820218 Github LinkedIn EDUCATION B.E Computer Science And Engineering Chennai Institute of Technology PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 2021  2025 | 8.61 CGPA Learn Smasher Front-End Developer 06/2023-07/2023 Developed dynamic websites using ReactJS, focusing on enhancing user interface experience. Designed and implemented responsive layouts, ensuring improved accessibility and a seamless user experience across various devices. During the initial phase of my intern, I engaged in continuous learning to stay updated with the latest web technologies and best practices, taking online courses and attending workshops. PROJECTS Rent-Ease React JS, Node JS, Express JS, MySQL 05/2024 Rental house project utilizes a robust tech stack comprising React JS, Node JS, and MySQL to offer a seamless and efficient rental management solution. At its core, the system employs React JS for dynamic user interfaces, ensuring an intuitive and responsive experience for both landlords and tenants and enhance the user efficiency. Medi-Book React JS, Node JS, Express JS, MySQL 03/2024 Doctor Appointment System is a web application designed to streamline the process of scheduling appointments with healthcare professionals in efficient way. Built using ReactJS for the frontend, NodeJS for the backend, and MySQL for the database, this system offers users an intuitive interface to book appointments, manage their schedules, and receive reminders Tour Management HTML,CSS,JavaScript,NodeJS ,MySQL 11/2023 This application simplifies tour organization and booking. Using Html,Css,JavaScript for the frontend and NodeJS with MySQL for the backend, it enables seamless browsing of tour packages, easy booking, and secure payments. Admins can manage tours, while customers can leave reviews. With a user-friendly interface and secure technology stack, it enhances the tour experience for both operators and travelers Personal-Portfolio HTML,CSS,Javascript 04/2023 Showcased my web development skills by creating a responsive personal portfolio website using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, featuring dynamic project galleries and interactive elements. Demonstrated achievements by optimizing the site for mobile devices, resulting in improved search engine visibility and enhanced user experience. SKILLS Programming languages Java,C CERTIFICATES Udemy The complete 2023 web development bootcamp COMPETITIVE CODING Frontend Development HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS Backend Development NodeJs, Express ,MySQL DevOps Git,Docker Coursera Introduction to Front end development with React JS Cisco Networking Academy Introduction to Cyber Security and Essentials Leetcode - Solved 300 problems Skillrack - Solved 1000 problems Codechef - Solved 300 problems