Pooja Bhoomigha .S  GitHub | (cid:239) Linkedin | # poojabhoomigha.s@gmail.com | H +91 7402020453 Summary Student with good technical skills, offers hardworking and dedication, has excellent time management skills, Currently seeking for an oppurtunity to enhance skills. For more details, click here. Education 2021 - present B.Tech Computer Science Engineering at SRM University AP (CGPA: 9.21/10.00) (Percentage: 96.13) 2019 - 2021 (Percentage: 95.6) 2018 - 2019 Class 12th Best Matric Hr. Sec. School Class 10th Best Matric Hr. Sec. School Work Experience Research Intern - Under Professor October 2023 - present My main area of interest in this internship is Machine Learning in Chemistry, especially SERS. by using datasets of different microplastics from RaRe Lab, SRM AP. We need to identify the microplastic from the given dataset. Achievements  Diversity Scholarship (100%) - SRM University AP  First RunnerUp in 7th Research Day - SRM University AP  The Complete 2024 Web Development Bootcamp certification - Udemy  Hackathon participation certificate - Jugaad Hacks Skills Technical Skills C, C++, Python, Java, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS Other Skills Time Management, Problem-solving, Critical Thinking, Excellent Communication skills Projects Undergraduate Research Opportunitites Project During the events like the black swan, a deep rooted connection between sentiment analysis and stock market behavior was studied using modern/advanced natural language processing techniques, focusing mainly on/with the use of FinBERT and XLNet sentiment analysis models. . Hotel Management System Hotel Management System is created using React.js for the front-end, Spring Boot for the back-end, and Spring Security for user authentication. The system includes features for handling reservations, room inventory, and customer details, all while ensuring that user logins are secure and authorized. We utilized React.js to create dynamic user interfaces, Spring Boot for strong back-end functionality, and Spring Security for controlling user access based on their roles. Path Planning Model: Adaptive Path Planning model from A* Algorithm We used the A* algorithm to find the best path, taking into account the cost to get to a specific point and the estimated cost to reach the goal. This method allowed us to efficiently and effectively find paths, making it a valuable tool for situations where we need to identify and navigate the best routes. Mini Projects  21Number Game using Python - In the 21 number game, players take turns counting one, two, or three numbers, with the goal of being the one to say 21 and avoid saying it on their turn  ATM Interface created with GUI using JAVA - Developed an ATM interface with a graphical user interface (GUI) using Java for user-friendly interactions and transactions.  Admission Management System using C++ - In this, Students personal and educational details will be maintained from admission side and queries can be asked and responded.  Electricity Bill Generator using C - Developed an online Electricity Bill Generator where the bill will be calculated and displayed based on the number of watts consumed.