RITESH KUMAR Software Dvelopment Engineer (cid:211) +91-9336584449 riteshkumar170420@gmail.com Gurugram - India  Linkedin (cid:135) Github EXPERIENCE Software Development Engineer solarad.ai (cid:17) Oct 2023  Present Gurugram, Haryana  Architected and implemented over 15 machine learning and non-machine learning pipelines using AWS SageMaker, Step Functions, Lambda, and other AWS services, increasing model accuracy by 40% and reducing deployment time by 30%.  Developed and managed REST APIs with AWS API Gateway, handling over 100,000 requests per day with 99.99% uptime and reducing response time by 25%.  Prepared and processed datasets exceeding 10TB from clients, government entities, and third-party companies, improving data quality and reducing processing time by 50%.  Contributed to the development of sub-functionalities within the Heliosat model, enhancing irradiance data accuracy by 20% and improving data generation speed by 35%.  Managed ongoing client operations, achieving a 95% client satisfaction rate and reducing project delivery times by 30%.  Technologies: Python, AWS Services, IEC 104, FTP, SFTP, OPC UA, Docker, Linux. SDE Intern Myways.ai (cid:17) Aug 2023  Nov 2023 Gurugram, Haryana  Created and managed data transfers between clients and the company server using FTP and SFTP protocols, handling over 500GB of data daily and ensuring 99.9% transfer reliability.  Participated in the transition from server-based to serverless architecture, reducing infrastructure costs by 40% and improv- ing system scalability by 50%.  Technologies: Linux, AWS Services, Data Transfer Protocols. SDE Intern IT JOBXS (cid:17) Apr 2023  Aug 2023 Mumbai, Maharashtra  Designed and developed a fully responsive section of the Desi QnA webpage, improving user engagement by 25%.  Addressed engineering challenges related to user verica- tion/authentication and fake bot/post detection and removal, reducing fake accounts and posts by 70%.  Integrated Google reCAPTCHA to enhance website security, decreasing bot-related incidents by 85%.  Technologies: HTML, CSS, SQL, Bootstrap. Other Training and Internship Experience  Indian Institute of Information Technology(IIIT)-Surat, Indian Railways, Deyhaat PUBLICATIONS  Validating Meteosat Second Generation and Himawari-8 De- rived Solar Irradiance against Ground Measurements: Solarad AIs Approach-MDPI Energies EDUCATION B.Tech. (CSE) - 8.04 CGPA FOET, University of Lucknow (cid:17) 2019  2023 Lucknow, UP TECHNICAL SKILLS  Cloud Services : AWS, GCP  Programming Languages : Python, C, SQL  Frameworks & Libraries : Docker, Bootstrap, Django, HTML, CSS  Platform: Windows, Linux, CentOS  Database : Relational Database (RDBMS), PostgresDB  Version Control : Git, Github  Other Tools : Postman, FileZilla, Codium PROJECTS Automated Parking System  Django | HTML | CSS | SQL | JS  Built a Completely Responsive Automated Parking System Web Application.  features include such as Grid View of park- ing space, receipt generator, and number of available and vacant spaces of parking space. Warranty Management System  Django | HTML | CSS | SQL | JS  Built Multiple functionalities like User authen- tication (Sign in and Sign up).  Perform Insertion, Deletion, and Retrieval of Warranty status of goods to the database. Image Caption Generator  Python | NLP | OpenCV | Tensorow  Developed an Image Captioning system that generates captions for images using Deep Learning, CNN, and NLP techniques. Virtual Assistant  Python | NLP | Pyaudio | NLTK | Pyttsx3  Developed speech recognition and NLP algo- rithms, integrating Pyaudio and Pyttsx3 for voice input and output  Built a user interface for the virtual assistant. ACHIEVEMENTS  Scored Grade A Data Science Foundations - Level 1 and Level 2 issued by IBM.  Samsung Innovation Campus Certied in Cod- ing and Programming.