Priyanshu Verma  Pverma | (cid:239) Pverma | # priyanshu.2125csit@kiet.edu | H +919310802419 Education Bachelor Of Technology (Computer Science And Information Technology), (KIET, Ghaziabad) APJ Abdul (8.30 CGPA) Kalam University (November 2021  June 2025) (70.02%),(2021) Intermediate(CBSE Board) (76.80%),(2019) High School(CBSE Board) Projects Customer Churn Analysis using Hadoop and Spark Individual Link to Code - Led a Hadoop and Spark initiative, implementing advanced ML algorithms in Python for real-time forecasting of customer churn. Analyzed usage data to understand customer behavior and predict reasons for discontinuation. Automatic Number Plate Detection system Team Link to Code - Developed a real-time vehicle license plate scanning project using Python modules (EasyOCR), Tesseract, and machine learning for efficient information extraction. Netflix Clone Individual Link to Code - Created a Netflix replica utilizing HTML, CSS, and React.js, showcasing skills in UI/UX design and front-end devel- opment in a dynamic web environment. DreamScape ExplorerTeam Link to Code - Crafted an immersive VR solution for wanderlust enthusiasts, utilizing web development and Unity to invite users to explore the world from the comforts of their own reality. Work Experience ,Achievement and Certifications Speaker on Latexin KIET - Recognized as a speaker at my college for achievements in publication and technology, organizing workshops and teaching 80+ students on LaTeX and research paper writing. Internship at Parchhai Foundation - Developed a user-friendly website for the online portal, enhancing the foundations online presence. Internship at KIET Group of Institutions - Applied diverse algorithms in data mining to derive precise insights into customer behavior. Achieved exceptional predictive accuracy, contributing to the dynamic field of customer churn analysis. UI/UX Graphics by Collage clubs and Internship Experience - I completed a dynamic 4-month college club course, gaining invaluable experience. Additionally, I honed my design skills crafting numerous posters and logos during my Parchaai internship. Courses - Full Stack Web Development Course by Linkedln Learning , - AWS Cloud Foundation Course AWS ,- Career Essentials in Data Analysis by Microsoft and LinkedIn Skills Programming Language Java, C, Python , SQL Technology Machine learning, Web Development , Hadoop, Spark, Spring Boot, Latex, Unity, Git and Github, Power BI Devloper Tools VisualStudio, IntelliJ Idea, Virtual Box, (Figma, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Linux(OS) Publications verma, Priyanshu (2023a). A Novel Framework : Automatic Number Plate Detction System. In: Scopus,Springer, p. 18. verma, Priyanshu (2023b). Customer Churn Analysis using Hadoop and Spark. In: International Journal of Performability Engineering, 19.10, p. 12.