Jatin Acharya Senior Undergraduate, Manipal University Jaipur. jatinacharya786@gmail.com Education Year 2025* 2021 2019 Experience Degree/Exam B-Tech (Hons.) CSE(AIML) CBSE (Class XII) CBSE (Class X) Institute Manipal University, Jaipur Central Academy School, Ajmer All Saints Sr. Sec. School, Ajmer (cid:135) |  (cid:211) +91 7976859039 *  Expected Graduation Year CGPA(/10)/% 9.32 89.0% 90.0%  IBM | Data Science Trainee (Jun '24 - Jul'24)  Developed and implemented Data Science and Machine Learning models to solve real-world business challenges, focusing on predictive analytics and automation.  Completed a capstone project titled "Weight Loss Prediction using Linear Regression" where I built a predictive model to estimate weight loss based on various input features, demonstrating the application of regression techniques in a practical scenario.  VVDN Technologies, Gurugram | Internship Trainee (May '23 - Jun'23)  Gained hands-on experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, and OpenCV, contributing to the development and testing of data-driven solutions and computer vision projects.  Explored AI and ML applications, deepening my interest and understanding of these technologies for solving real-world challenges. Projects  SyncSkills | Minor Project (May '23 - Jun'23)  Created a resume checker tool that improved keyword relevance, formatting, and ATS compatibility, resulting in a 40% reduction in resume processing time.  Created a user-friendly feedback system with customized suggestions, dramatically boosting the quality and effectiveness of user resumes.  Skin Disease Detection using Dermoscopic images | MUJHACKX Team Project (Ongoing) (Oct '23 - Dec'23)  Engineered an advanced Machine Learning model that accurately identifies and forecasts a range of skin diseases, improving diag- nostic accuracy by 30% and increasing access to dermatological care in underserved regions by 50%.  Conducted extensive research to gather and curate over 10,000 data points on various skin diseases, creating high-quality datasets that were crucial for training the ML model.  Virtual Mouse | Research Team Project (May '23 - Jun'23)  Developed and launched a pioneering virtual mouse application, pioneering a hands-free interface for computer interaction; op- timized user workflow and efficiency, resulting in a 35 % increase in task completion speed.  Utilized Computer Vision techniques and tools like OpenCV to accurately track and interpret over 95% of real-time hand gestures with a processing speed of 30 frames per second. Courses  Data Fundamentals(IBM)  Data Structures and Algorithms in C/C++  Design and Analysis of Algorithms in C (NPTEL)  Introduction to HTML, CSS  Database Management System (Oracle) Awards And Activities Technical Skills  C/C++  Python  HTML  CSS  Machine Learning  Recipient of the Deans List of Excellence for achieving the Highest GPA in the third, fourth and fifth semesters.  Won first place at MUJHACKX Hackathon for a dermatological diagnostic aid.  Served as Student Placement Coordinator in the AIML Department at Manipal University Jaipur, facilitating job placements and career development.  Awarded a Certificate of Appreciation for exceptional service and leadership within the ACM Student Chapter.