UTKARSH DIXIT utkarsh.219302026@muj.manipal.edu | dixitutkarsh87@gmail.com | +91-9695444488 | LinkedIn Skills C | Java | JSP | Python | HTML | CSS | JavaScript | MySQL | Git Work Experience Punjab National Bank (PNB) Head Office, New Delhi Dec23  Jan24  6-week Internship at IT Division, PNB Head Office.  Developed a GST Litigation Portal for the Finance Department. National University Bangladesh  Successfully implemented the basics of Artificial Intelligence.  Research Internship in the field of Artificial Intelligence and its use in eVtol (flying taxis). May24 - Jul24 Celebal Technologies, Jaipur Ongoing  Data Science Intern, focusing on data science with Python, ML, AI, Statistics, Language and Image Processing. Academic and Extracurricular Achievements Smart India Hackathon (SIH) - 2022, Grand Finalist Aug22  Developed and showcased a prototype for the "Speed Measurement of Underwater Autonomous Vehicles" challenge presented by India's Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) during the country's largest hackathon. Hacker Rank Five-Star Rating  Achieved a five-star rating in Java coding, enhancing my proficiency in problem-solving. Amity International Model United Nations - AMIMUN22 Jan21  Secured position in E edition of Amity International Model United Nations 2022. Projects MERN-Login-App Nov23 Login Website with profile update and reset password with email OTP verification  Reset password with email OTP verification.  Profile update with JWT token. Implemented MERN stack. EZY Book Ongoing Hotel Booking App with all the desired features  Secure authentication, advanced searching and payments.  Implemented MERN stack along with Tailwind CSS. More features to be added soon. Positions of Responsibility Litmus MUJ | Senior Coordinator Promotions Dec22 - Jan23  Promoted and participated in Debating and Model United Nations Events. ACM, Association for Computing Machinery | Technical Team  Contributed to Technical Events such as Semi Code and Mini Hacks. Dec21 - Jan23 Education Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, India  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology. 2021 - 2025