BHUWAN CHAUHAN +918533880422  Greater Noida, UP chauhanbhuwan0@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/bhuwanchauhan  github.com/Algorithm-Unlock OBJECTIVE To work as a Software Development Engineer and to pursue a job opportunity in a competitive environment in your progressive organization that allows me the scope to update my knowledge to the latest trends and be part of a diverse and dynamic team that adds to both my personal and professional growth. EDUCATION B.Tech, Noida Institute Of Engineering and Technology, Gr.Noida (AKTU,Lucknow), CGPA: 8.20 Intermediate, St. Mary Inter College, Noorpur, UP High School, St. Mary Inter College, Noorpur, UP 2020 - 2024 2018 - 2020 2017 - 2018 TECHNICAL SKILLS / COURSEWORK Programming Technologies/Frameworks Software Development Computer Programs/Software Python, Java, JavaScript, SQL, Frontend Development Spring Boot, NodeJS, ExpressJS, ReactJS, MongoDB Github, Data Structure and Algorithm, Databases, IDEs MS Office(Word, Excel, Powerpoint, OneNote) PROJECTS E-Commerce Website. Led the successful development and launch of an innovative e-Commerce website, driving a significant increase in online sales and enhancing the customer shopping experience. Gesture-Controlled-Virtual-Mouse. Developed a cutting-edge Gesture Controlled Virtual Mouse using Machine Learning and Computer Vision, enabling hands-free computer interaction through hand gestures and voice commands, without the need for extra hardware. Compatible with Windows platform. INTERNSHIPS Frontend Developer Bharat Intern Aug 2023 - Nov 2023 Remote, India  Interned as a Frontend Developer at Bharat Intern, gaining hands-on experience in web development and con- tributing to user interface design and functionality enhancements. Web Development The Spark Foundation Jun 2023 - Jul 2023 Remote, India  Interned in web development at Sparks Foundation, gaining hands-on experience in front-end and back-end technologies while contributing to real-world projects and enhancing coding proficiency. SOFT SKILLS AND ACHIEVEMENTS Achievements: Soft Skills: Excellent communication and Interpersonal skill, Confidence, Problem Solving, Project Management 49+ Problems solved on GFG, Verified badges on Hackerrank, Achieved various Certifications CERTIFICATIONS  Cryptography  Object Oriented Programming in Java  Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Blockchain Basics