Pragathi Yarramaneni  pragathiy | (cid:239) Pragathi Y | # pragathiyarramaneni@gmail.com | H +91 6302032724 Summary An ambitious undergraduate student in pursuit of a degree in computer science born on 17 December 2003, I possess proficiency in C++, Python, and CSS. I am eager to translate theoretical knowledge into practical applications and make meaningful contributions to the industry. Actively seeking opportunities to further develop my skills and gain valuable hands-on experience in the field. Work Experience Intern June 2023 -August 2023 During my internship at APSSDC, I acquired valuable hands-on experience in learning Django, a web development framework. I honed practical skills and gained a thorough understanding of Django while actively contributing to real projects throughout the internship. Projects Load Balancing in networks I developed a Job Scheduler application utilizing Pythons Tkinter and NetworkX libraries. The appli- cation incorporates a Q-learning algorithm for efficient job allocation across network nodes. It supports features such as job submissions, migration tracking, and graph visualization. This project showcases my expertise in Python programming, GUI development, and algorithmic decision-making. Techologies:Tkinter GUI,Python Fast Food Billing System A fast food billing system created using Flutter for the web streamlines the ordering and payment pro- cesses, enhancing efficiency for both customers and staff. The system features a digital menu that displays items with images, descriptions, and prices, allowing customers to easily browse and select their desired items. Order placement is simple and customizable, catering to individual preferences and special instruc- tions. Techologies:Flutter,MySQL Library Management Constructed a bookstore management application using Django, which effectively organized inventory, monitored sales, and efficiently managed data. Designed a user-friendly interface for seamless book cate- gorization, real-time inventory updates, and transaction processing. Techologies:Django,Html,CSS,Bootstrap,SQLite Education 2021 - present B.tech (Computer Science) at SRM University 2019 - 2021 2019 Class 12th BIEAP Class 10th BSEAP (GPA: 7.72/10) (860/1000) (9.3/10) Skills Programming Languages C,C++,Java,Python Scripting Languages Databases Frameworks HTML,CSS SQLite, MySQL Django