BlackRock Functional Title: Intern Location: Gurgaon/Mumbai, INDIA BlackRock Overview: BlackRock is a global asset manager and technology provider. Our purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. We help millions of people invest to build savings that serve them throughout their lives. We make investing easier and more affordable. We advance sustainable investing because our conviction is it delivers better outcomes for investors. We contribute to a more resilient economy that benefits more people. Together with our clients, were contributing to a more equitable and resilient world  today and for generations to come. Thats why, were asking bigger questions  of ourselves, our industry, and the world at large. Questions that challenge convention and give rise to new thinking. Because the bigger questions we ask, the bigger actions we can take. For more information visit www.blackrock.com Our team is known for:  Being passionate about technology and solving complex problems  Being from diverse industries and academic backgrounds  Developing in Java, Python, Cassandra, Kubernetes, Azure, Kafka, Docker, a host of languages and open-source technologies  Domain SMEs to build, test and provide 24/7 support for Aladdin.  Being technology leaders that unlock incremental innovation and drive technology culture at BlackRock What will you do as an intern?  Gain a broad understanding of the investment process and the capabilities of Aladdin  Become a life-long learner through our BlackRock Academies  Work closely with senior engineers developing specific parts of the Aladdin platform.  Take ownership of projects from development/testing/support perspective and watch your creations be released to thousands of users  Use ground-breaking technologies such as Spark, Storm, Solr, Cassandra, Hadoop, Angular, React, iOS, and more  Build, test & use automation engineering solutions for ensuring best in class Quality for our deliverables to end clients  Collaborate with colleagues to build innovative products during firm wide hackathons  Meet smart, fun people through volunteering, employee and professional networks, and every-day interactions.  Take your interpersonal skills to the next level by collaborating with Senior Leaders on BlackRocks Internal Network/Forums. What capabilities are we looking for?  An understanding of interpreting requirements into an Object-Oriented design, and code  Penchant for Product Quality  Problem Solving and Communication skills  Resourcefulness  Critical thinking  Problem solving  Technical curiosity Your learning & development will include:  During internship program, you will work within one technology stream whilst gaining wider exposure through networking, social events, and project work. BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to age, disability, family status, gender identity, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation and other protected attributes at law.