Priyanka H Priyankahariharasudhan2325@gmail.com 7904886281 LinkedIn Github LeetCode EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering Chennai Institute Of Technology CGPA - 8.6 2021  2025 Chennai, India PROJECTS Pawfect Match Tech Stack:Dart/Flutter. Developed a pet adoption app using Dart and the Flutter framework, providing a seamless and interactive user experience for finding and adopting pets. Implemented features such as real-time pet listings, user profiles, and adoption tracking to enhance user engagement and streamline the adoption process. Book Stop Tech Stack: React/Javascript Developed "Book Stop" using React and JavaScript to manage book inventories, including tracking borrowed and in- stock books. Implemented dynamic user interfaces and real-time updates for efficient and accurate book tracking and management. Blog Generator Integrated sentiment analysis and keyword extraction tools to ensure the generated content aligns with user preferences and SEO best practices. Developed a user-friendly interface for seamless interaction with the Llama 2 model via the Hugging Face API, enabling efficient content generation and real-time adjustments. INTERNSHIP Sales and Marketing Intern IFORTIS Corporate Identified market opportunities, resolved any customer complaints, and provided all-time customer service Researched prospective new accounts, created regular newsletters, and worked on new digital marketing campaigns. 04/2023  05/2023 CERTIFICATES Udemy - Fullstack web development Cisco - Introduction to cybersecurity UIpath - RPA citizen developer Cisco - CCNA-1 and python SKILLS Proficient: Html,Css,Javascript,Python Java,Dart,Sql,Oracle ACHIEVEMENTS Guvi - AI for women Cisco - Cybersecurity essentials Coursera - IBM- Introduction to data Analytics Cisco-CCNA-2 Framework:Streamlit,Langchain React, Flutter. Developer's Tool: Hugging Face,Power BI, Tableau. LEETCODE : completed 213 problems Skillrack : Completed 620 problems in Python, Java, c, c++, MySQL HackerRank : attained 3-stars in Python and java category CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES HACKERZ - 2022 & 2023 Successfully organized the CSE department's national-level symposium, Hackerz 2023, showcasing strong leadership and organizational skills, leading to a grand and successful event. TAKSHASHILA - 2023 Event Coordinator for Takshashila 2023, overseeing a grand event featuring 70+ technical and non-technical activities, demonstrating effective organizational and management skills.