MOHAMMED JUNAID M Mob: +91 6362977797 / mohamedjunaid003@gmail.com / https://www.linkedin.com/in/mdjunaid003 /Bangalore, Karnataka OBJECTIVE Finance graduate with a BCom degree, eager to leverage robust accounting knowledge and financial management expertise in a dynamic finance role. Possessing excellent communication and time management skills, dedicated to driving organizational growth, fostering effective collaboration. Highly motivated to contribute to strategic financial planning, analysis, and decision-making processes to achieve both personal and corporate success. WORK EXPERIENCE Account Intern CA Firm: K Rahman Khan & Co. May 23, 2023 - July 3, 2023  Collaborated with indirect tax teams to gain comprehensive knowledge of the GST system, successfully filing GST returns and ensuring compliance.  Recorded and managed purchase and sales invoices, entered bank statements, and maintained accurate financial records.  Utilized Excel to clean, analyze, and organize financial data, supporting various accounting tasks.  Conducted vouching procedures and assisted with day-to-day accounting operations, enhancing departmental efficiency.  Strengthened accounting skills through practical, hands-on application.  Developed a solid understanding of the professional work environment and industry practices within a CA firm, gaining insights into operational dynamics. EDUCATION ST. Josephs College of Commerce (DEGREE) Bachelor of Commerce specialize in Finance Percentage  75.7% CGPA  8.07 ST. Josephs Pre-University College PUC Percentage  90.67% CMR HIGH SCHOOL (SSLC) 10TH STD Percentage  84.64% 2021 - 2024 Bangalore 2019 - 2021 Bangalore 2019 Bangalore SKILLS Excel, Tally (Prime, ERP 9), MS Office (Word, Powerpoint), Tableau (Basic), Communication and interpersonal skill, Time Management, Team Collaboration, Attention to Detail AWARDS AND CERTIFICATES  Tally certification  MS Office certification ACTIVITIES  Volunteered for Tech Ally, managing online event activities by monitoring participant engagement on Instagram and creating event-related posters.  Participated in a business quiz at Cipher HOBBIES AND INTEREST Graphic Designing, Chess