Anushree Pre-Final Year Student | Data Analyst Intern ABOUT ME I'm a proactive third-year B.Tech student pursuing computer science with Data science and Articial Intelligence. I'm eager to use my academic background and practical experience in a career that combines technology and real-world applications. I'm organized to contribute signicantly as a newcomer to the eld. INTERNSHIP Mentorness  Machine Learning Intern JAN 2024- FEB 2024     A model for predicting income prices using machine learning algorithms was developed. A system for predicting the price of gold using time series analysis was implemented. I made a contribution to practical nancial forecasting solutions. Acquired practical experience in predictive modeling and data analytics at Internship. CHENNAI 720062630 anushreesathyan001@gmail.com LINKEDIN EDUCATION Velammal Vidhyashram, CBSEt X 2019 - 2020 PERCENTAGE : 92% Velammal Vidhyashram, CBSE XII 2019 - 2020 PERCENTAGE : 86% Hindustan Institute of Technology and science Chennai 2021 - 2025 B.Tech Computer Science With Data Science and Articial Intelligence CGPA : 85.6 % Sync Intern  Articial Intelligence Intern SEPT 2023 - OCT 2023  Created a machine learning model with accuracy rates above 95% to identify handwritten digits using Python and scikit-learn.  Neural network architectures and image preprocessing methods were used to maximize the performance of the model.  Developed a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based deep learning SKILLS Python SQl Kotlin system for plant disease detection in Python CERTIFICATIONS PROJECTS Plant Disease Detection Android Application | Python, Open CV, Kotlin, TensorFlow, keras    Created multi-layered CNN architecture for classication and feature extraction. Achieved an accuracy rate of 70%+ in plant disease classication. Implemented real-time image classication within the Android app for on-eld disease detection. Ai Based Android Application | Kotlin, Android Studio    Ive developed a Kotlin application for a BMI calculator. Integrated Google Speech Assistance allows users to enter their height and weight verbally and receive their BMI (normal, obese, underweight). Improved user experience through the incorporation of an interactive help chatbot built with Dialog Flow with User Firebase authentication. Computer Architecture and organization| NPTEL Introduction to Data Science | Cisco Networking Academy My SQL Basics | HackerRank Python for Data Science | Great Learning Paper Presentation | Runner, Chennai Institute of Technology