Neeharika Meka  neeharika2004 | (cid:239) Neeharika Meka | # neeharika meka@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9110387384 Work Experience Front End web developer Aug 2023 - Sep 2023 I worked in an internship on front end web development and have Work experience of 2 months learning and making projects on front end in the company Raise Digital. Projects Sudoku Solver Link to Demo Project done in python which automatically solves the sudoku when clicked on any online sudoku solver game board Calculator using Java Link to Demo This Java project is a simple calculator application with a graphical user interface built using Swing. HTML Calculator Link to Demo Simple and stylish calculator using HTML, CSS, Javascript and Bootstrap. To do List Link to Demo To-do-List Project, it was done using Front End web development. JavaScript). Tasks can be edited, updated and deleted depending upon our task completion. ERP system for School (HTML, CSS, Bootstrap and Link to Demo ERP system for students, teacher and management using Full stack web development-HTML, CSS, EJS for front end and postgreSQL for database and nodejs is used as back end server. Gender Detection using Facial image Link to Demo Done using Machine Learning with the help of Haar-cascade for facial feature extraction and SVM, KNN and Random Forest were used for gender detection made to detect binary genders (male and female). Education 2021 - 2025 Computer Science and Engineering at SRM University 2019 - 2021 Class 12th at Narayana Junior College 2018 - 2019 Class 10th at Gayatri English Medium School (CGPA: 8.76/10) (97.5%) (GPA: 10) Certifications and Achievements Certifications in Hacker rank (in problem solving basics and Intermediate, SQL(basic), Java(basic), CSS, Python(basic)). Certifications provided by 1stop and Raise Digital for participating and completing project in Web De- velopment  Front End and for completing internship in Web development. 5 star in C, C++, Python and Java in hacker rank and 4 star in problem solving in hacker rank. Gold Badge for solving more than 500 problems in code chef. Skills Programming Languages C, C++, Python and Java. Technical Skills Web design Data structures and Algorithms, Machine Learning, Data science, MYSQL, Computer Networks, Operating System. HTML, CSS, Java script, Full Stack web development (MERN).