DIVYANSHU BHARGAV 7827738414  New Delhi, India divyanshubhargav2002@gmail.com  linkedin.com/in/divyanshubhargav/ OBJECTIVE To get an opportunity where I can make the best of my potential and contribute to the organizations growth by creating value for my prospective employer through my dedicated and diligent efforts.. EXPERIENCE Software Trainee Ducat India Jan 2020 - Jun 2020 Noida, India  Solving a real-world problem of Implementing, Designing, and helping develop a new Enterprise class Product from ground-up using Java.  Analyze and maintain existing software applications & fixing bugs and issues that arise from time to time.  Develop quality software and web applications & design highly scalable, testable code. PROJECTS Yelp-Camp HTML, CSS, Node.JS, MongoDB, Mapbox, Passport.js, Cloudinary Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Designing and implementing a user-friendly travelling website that allows users to easily search for destinations, browse travel packages. Used Mapbox SDKs to fetch geolocation of tours, build APIs to sign-in users.  Developing a review and rating system that enables users to share their experiences and provide feedback to help other travelers make informed decisions. Intranet Mailing System Core JAVA, TOMCAT, SQL, Eclipse Jan 2020 - Jun 2020  Build a tool to provide real time access to all sensitive information for all the people in an organization using Java.  It provides fast, easy and secure access tools for communicating within the organization network through mail, text, images and instant images.  It aims at connecting all the people in an organization and within its multiple branches. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprashtha University Relevant Coursework: Information Technology. Diploma in Engineering, Guru Nanak Dev Institute of Technology Relevant Coursework: Computer Engineering. Expected 2024 2017-2020 Node.JS, C++, Java, Python HTML, CSS, JavaScript SQL, MongoDB Creative Thinking, Teamwork, Time Management SKILLS Technical Skills Scripting Databases Soft Skills HOBBIES  Art and craft  Photography