PAVAN KUMAR AV Bengaluru, India +91 8157944706 pavan0369kumar@gmail.com SUMMARY Innovative and detail-oriented Node.js developer with hands-on experience in developing and maintaining server- side logic, defining and maintaining central databases, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness. Proficient in collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality software solutions. Proven ability to troubleshoot, debug, and optimize existing code. Strong problem-solving skills and a commitment to continuous learning. EXPERIENCE ERE BUSINESS SOLUTIONS Calicut, India Node.Js Developer Intern 02/2024 to 05/2024  Developed and maintained Node.js applications.  Implemented strategies to optimize efficiency of server-side applications  Developed and implemented RESTful APIs, leveraging database functionalities.  Collaborated with team members to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues for timely project delivery  Participated in code reviews, providing constructive feedback to optimize code performance.  Continuously expanded knowledge of Node.js and related technologies  Proficient in Node.js and related frameworks/libraries (Express.js, Socket.io). GLOWSIS TECHNOLOGIES Calicut, India Software Developer Intern 09/2023 to 11/2023  Optimized code and increased the speed of the web app by creating reusable components  Utilized MySQL to efficiently manage databases.  Created HTML templates, JavaScript files, and CSS for UI module development.  Assisted in all software development project aspects, such as planning, design and building.  Tested code for bugs or technical issues, debugging to fix errors and boost performance. SSK PARCEL SERVICE Coimbatore, India Operation Executive 11/2020 to 12/2022  Ensured efficient delivery of parcels from point A to point B  Coordinated transportation, warehousing, and distribution activities to optimize efficiency and minimize costs.  Planned and optimized delivery routes to ensure timely and cost-effective parcel delivery  Analyzed traffic patterns, delivery volume, and customer locations to improve TTCs  Parcel Tracking and Monitoring - Implementing systems and processes for tracking and monitoring parcel shipments throughout the delivery process  Successfully supervised parcel inventory management at multiple warehouses and distribution centers  Optimized inventory precision, streamlined storage methods, and expedited parcel retrieval processes.  Continuously evaluated workflows to identify areas for improvement and implement effective solutions. SKILLS  Node.js  React  Express  JavaScript  TypeScript  HTML5  Development life-cycle management  RESTful Web Services and API Design  CSS  Bootstrap  C++  Angular  C  Problem solving  Thinking outside the square  Team Collaboration  Web Sockets  Version Control (Git)  Mongoose  Java BOHO SNAP - Social Media Platform PROJECTS  Developed a social media platform using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js).  Implemented user registration and authentication with JWT.  Created user profiles, personalized news feeds, and interaction features like likes and comments.  Technologies used: Node.js, React.Js, Express.js, MongoDB, JWT EMPLOYEE Management App  Developed an employee management application using Node.js, MongoDB, Express.js, and React.js.  Implemented a user-friendly interface for HR administrators to manage employee information.  Enabled functionalities to add, update, and remove employee details.  Technologies used: Node.js, React.Js, Express.js, MongoDB BOHOCART - e-commerce app for gadgets  Implemented all the necessary e-commerce functionalities like product listing, cart, orders, etc.  Technologies used: PayPal, Node.js, Angular, Express.js, MongoDB, Bootstrap, Express BANKING APPLICATION  Developed a banking application to perform transactions and manage account information.  Technologies used: Node.js, Angular, Express.js, MongoDB, Bootstrap, Express JWT BCA Morazha Co. Operative Arts and Science College, Taliparamba, Kannur EDUCATION HIGHER SECONDARY - COMPUTER SCIENCE Chembilode Higher Secondary School, Kannur, Kerala HIGH SCHOOL Koodali Higher Secondary School, Kannur, Kerala I hereby declare that all the information furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. DISCLAIMER 2020 2017 2015