RAM SAJAN Email: ramsajanprajapati67@gmail.com Roll No: 2101330130101 Mobile: +919311612063 B-Tech IT LinkedIn Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology GitHub PROFILE SUMMARY Dynamic and results-driven B-TECH final year student with a bachelors degree in information technology. Procient in programming languages such as Python, Java and SQL with a solid understanding of data structures and algorithms with hands-on experience through internships and academic projects. Strong problem-solving skills, a quick learner, and a team player with a passion for creating ecient and scalable software solutions. Seeking an entry-level position to apply technical skills and contribute to innovative projects in the software industry. Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Nov 2021 - June 2025 B Tech Information Technology Percentage: 83.5 A6 Government Public School Apil 2018 - April 2020 Senior Secondary (10+2) Percentage: 73 EDUCATION SKILLS SUMMARY  Languages: Python, JAVA, JavaScript  Frameworks: ReactJS, Bootstrap  Tools: Git and GitHub, Vscode, Knime, IntelliJ Idea, PyCharm  Area of interest: web Development, Data Structure and Algorithm, OOPs  Soft Skills: Flexible, Co-operative, Team Player and interpersonal skill PROJECTS Potato Leaf Disease Detection | LINK January 24 - March 2024  Developed a potato leaf disease detection system using machine learning and computer vision techniques, achieving over 98% accuracy in identifying diseases like late blight, early blight, and potato virus Y. Implemented a user-friendly interface allowing farmers to easily upload leaf images and receive disease diagnosis results.   TensorFlow and OpenCV for model development and image processing, ensuring robust performance.  The system empowers farmers with ecient and reliable tools to protect their potato crops, enhancing agricultural productivity and sustainability. Airline-Reservation System | LINK September 23- October 2023  Built an airline reservation system to take flight bookings to new heights.  Airline Booking is a sample web application that provides Flight Search, Flight Payment, Flight Booking using Html, CSS, JavaScript and python.  Coded a user-friendly airline reservation system and designed real-time seat availability.  Improved reservation process efficiency by leveraging web development skills. Responsive Personal Portfolio | LINK November 23- December 2023  Developed portfolio website using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, highlighting projects, skills, and professional experiences.  Incorporated frontend frameworks like Tailwind CSS to develop and enhance the visual aesthetics of the portfolio.  Designed a user-friendly interface that adapts seamlessly across different screen sizes, ensuring optimal viewing.  Showcased a collection of projects and skills to effectively demonstrate expertise and qualications to potential employers. CERTIFICATES Python Basics | CERTIFICATE March 2022  Mastered fundamental Python syntax, proficiently utilizing control flow, loops, functions, and data structures. Machine learning with python | CERTIFICATE November 2023  Learned about the Python libraries like Scikit-Learn, TensorFlow, and Keras to analyze data and make predictions. Introduction to NoSQL Databases (IBM) | CERTIFICATE  Learned about the uses of NoSQL Database. April 2023 AWARDS/ACHIEVEMENTS  Completed Internshala core java training with a score of 98 percent  Solving 50+ Problems on coding platforms like LeetCode, Coding Ninja, GFG.  Participating in Cult-Tech event held on 9th September 2022 under reboot club  Participating in Microsoft AI Skills challenge  Completed 6+ Coursera Certificates on Coursera.