AKSHAT JHA Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/akshat-jha-248b1b143/ Email: akshat.jha.531@gmail.com GitHub: github.com/akshatjha531 Role: SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Mobile:+91 7318395951 An AKTU University graduate student with good understanding of Data Science, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning programing. Dedicated to software engineering, and specializing in fullstack web development, algorithms, and machine learning. Searching mostly for Machine Learning, Data Engineer, and, Data Analyst position. Consistency and HardWork sum up the pillar of my work culture. PERSONAL PROFILE Swaraj India Public School Intermediate Highschool (Computer Science), GPA: 7.6/10 Pranveer Singh Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science)  Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, GPA: 7/10 Kanpur, India April 2019 - March 2020 Kanpur, India Dec 2020 - June 2024 EDUCATION  Languages: C++, Python, SQL, JAVA  Frameworks: Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib SKILLS SUMMARY  Miscellaneous: Operating System, Machine Learning, Neural Network, Generative AI, Microsoft Office, Firebase, Git.  Platforms: PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Visual Studio Code  Soft Skills: Critical Thinking, Leadership, Time Management, Teamwork, Problemsolving, Documentation, Presentation. PROJECTS Image Caption Generator | LINK Oct 2023  Mar 2024  Image caption generator is a process of recognizing the context of an image and annotating it with relevant captions using deep learning and computer vision. It includes labeling an image with English keywords with the help of datasets provided during model training. The image net dataset trains the CNN model called Xception. Managed data integrity by handling missing values and encoding categorical variables, enhancing quality by 33%.  Xception is responsible for image feature extraction. These extracted features will be fed to the LSTM model, which generates the image caption. Identified and comprehended key factors influencing academic performance through thorough analysis.  Technical Skills: Python, Deep Learning, NLP, CNN, LLM, LSTM.  Soft Skills: Report writing, Logical Thinking, Critical Thinking. DFS/BFS Visualizer | LINK Oct 2023  Dec 2023  Use the O(V+E) DFS (DepthFirst Search) or BFS(BreadthFirstSearch) algorithm to traverse the graph and explore the features/properties of the graph. Each algorithm has its own characteristics, features, and sideeffects that we will explore in this visualization.  Technical Skills: Topological Sort algorithm (both DFS and BFS/Kahns algorithm version), Bipartite Graph Checker algorithm (both DFS and BFS version), Cut Vertex and Bridge finding algorithm, Strongly Connected Components (SCC) finding algorithms (both Kosarajus and Tarjans version), and 2SAT Checker algorithm.  Soft Skills: Report writing, Logical Thinking, Critical Thinking. Tournament Manager | LINK Oct 2022  Dec 2022  The project is an attempt to fulfil my dream about creating a chess tournament manager: small, fast, portable, easy to use, easy to integrate to other systems, resumable, able to automatically generate all configurations, files which are needed for tournaments.  Basically, from nothing, a user can configure automatically within few minutes then he can start running a total new tournament.  About design: To manage engines, games and the complicated events / relationships between them, the app uses a timer with few c++ callback functions, believing it to be one of the simplest methods.  Technical Skills: R with ggplot2, tidyr, R Markdown.  Soft Skills: Report writing, Logical Thinking, Critical Thinking. Class Scheduler | LINK Nov 2021  Dec 2021  This system is intended to create and easily manage the class and examination schedule of an institution using C++. Easily tracking of conflicts on the teacher, students, and room schedule will be detected by the system to avoid redundancy and inconsistency.  This will greatly ease the personincharge responsibilities in doing schedules at the start of the semester and examination.  This Class and Exam Scheduling System has 2 modules which are the Admin Side and Faculty Side. The Admin side has access to manage and maintain the data that is stored in the system while the Faculty Side has only access to view their schedules and update its system accounts credentials.  Technical Skills: C++, HTML5, Genetic Algorithm.  Soft Skills: Presentation skills, Leadership, Teamwork, Logical Thinking. Library Management System | LINK Feb 2021  Apr 2021  The Library Management System is an easytouse system with a centralized database programming procedure.  This C library management project performs various operations such as verifying student information, reserving a book, changing book information, and checking allocated books.  The project will assist you in mastering two important C concepts: file management and classes.  Technical Skills: C++, SQL, DBMS.  Soft Skills: Time Management, Teamwork, Presentation skills, Report writing. Programming in Python (Meta) | Google IT |CERTIFICATE March 2024  Mastered fundamental Python syntax, proficiently utilizing control flow, loops, functions, and data structures.  Acquired expertise in procedural programming paradigms and associated logical concepts, enhancing capabilities. Computer System Security | Indian Institute of Technology | CERTIFICATE March 2023 CERTIFICATES  Learned about the data ecosystem, including the ETL process and big data basics.  Mastered data gathering, identification, and cleaning for analysis preparation. 5 Star C++ Coder | Hackerrank | CERTIFICATE March 2022  Developed a comprehensive understanding of the data life cycle and various stages involved in the data analysis.  Introduced to diverse applications designed to streamline and optimize the data analysis journey, enhancing efficiency and accuracy. The Web Developer Bootcamp | Colt SteeleNoble Work Foundation | CERTIFICATE March 2022  Developed a comprehensive understanding of the data life cycle and various stages involved in the data analysis.  Introduced to diverse applications designed to streamline and optimize the data analysis journey, enhancing efficiency and accuracy. Database and SQL | Infosys | CERTIFICATE March 2021  Developed a comprehensive understanding of the data life cycle and various stages involved in the data analysis.  Introduced to diverse applications designed to streamline and optimize the data analysis journey, enhancing efficiency and accuracy. HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript | Infosys | CERTIFICATE March 2020  Developed a comprehensive understanding of the data life cycle and various stages involved in the data analysis.  Introduced to diverse applications designed to streamline and optimize the data analysis journey, enhancing efficiency and accuracy.  Coding:  Linux: Fondness towards coding. Significant skills in C++ coding language, by participating in the hackathons. Since 2020, grew passion with Linux. Recently switched to Mac OS, which feels like a premium of Linux. INTERESTS  Technical Writing: Daily journaling descriptive blogs about each learning and achievement some of them are on GitHub.  Art: Art keeps the creativity and passion alive in oneself. Recently, shifted to digital art mostly on Digital art.  Video Games: Gaming keeps the mind fresh. Enables a steady concentration, critical thinking and relieves stress.  English: Professional proficiency  Hindi: Native proficiency LANGUAGES