Anamika Dogra Mobile: +91  8628903945 E-Mail: Anamikadogra232@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anamika-dogra 95a597210 PROFESSIONAL PREFACE Ambitious, detail-oriented eager to contribute towards building a strong team, well-organized, Creative, and Goal-oriented, problem-solving and leadership skills seeking to secure to position of challenge and responsibility and understanding of various financial tools. Passion for driving organizational success through meticulous analysis and strategic decision-making. My academic achievements, coupled with internship, and coursework, have equipped me with analytical skills for contributing to a dynamic financial environment. Eager to apply my knowledge and learn from experienced professionals, I am poised to make a positive impact as I embark on my career in finance. SKILLS Management & Coordination | Decision Making | Analytical Thinking | Team Oriented | Communication | Attention to detail | MS  Excel | MS-Word | MS- PowerPoint ACHIEVEMENTS Participated in college level events. Participated in group discussion and quiz Recipient of the Academic Scholarship Volunteered as tutor for high school students PROJECTS & INTERNSHIP Financial Analyst at Yoshop (June 23-Aug 23)  - Consolidating and analyzing financial data, taking account companies Goal and financial stability.  A Study on Saving & Investment Pattern of Working Women in Chandigarh (Feb 23-April 23) - A detailed study on the saving and investing pattern of working Women. - This project was based on the primary data. - Main objective of the study was to know the saving and investment pattern of women working in Chandigarh.  Website on Food ordering management system (May 21 - Jul 21) - The restaurant management system can be used by employees in restaurant to handle the clients - Handling their orders and can help them easily to find the tables. - Restaurant management system is the system for managing the restaurant business. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 75% CGPA in MBA (Finance & HR) from Chandigarh University - 2022-2024 78.3% in B.C.A. from st.Bedes College - 2018  2021 79.40% in XII(CBSCE) from convent and Jesus Mary School, Shimla 2017-18 81.7% in X(CBSCE) from convent and Jesus Mary School , Shimla  2015-16 CERTIFICATION  Certification in Financial Market  Certification in HR analytics and talent acquisition  Certification in Strategic Management in Competitive Advantage.  Certification in Human Resource Management  Certification in Operation and Production Management HOBBIES  reading  volunteering  photography