(cid:131) 70441-96998 # prajeetapal@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/prajeetapal  github.com/prajeeta15 PRAJEETA PAL Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech in Computer and Communication Engineering(GPA: 7.62 / 10.0) [Till 6th sem] Expected May 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Relevant Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms (C), Concepts of OOPs (Java), Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Database Management Systems, Operating Systems, Computer Networks, Wireless Communications.  Achievements: Global Rank of 2,218 out of 1L+ in TCS CodeVita Season 11,February 2024.  LeetCode Rank of 138,715. Experience We Create Problems | Graphic Design Intern May 2024  Aug 2024  Curated branding materials and social media carousels, enhancing the companys visual identity.  Boosted company promotion by 15% through impactful design strategies, increasing brand engagement & visibility. Bharat Petroleum Corporation | Project Intern May 2024  Jul 2024  Engineered and deployed ASP.NET and C# back-end APIs for BPCLs Application for Reference Material Management for Quality Control project, boosting calculation accuracy by 70%.  Created JavaScript front-end interfaces, certifying material homogeneity and stability before national distribution. Wipro Pvt. Ltd. | Intern May 2023  Jul 2023  Designed and developed front-end UI/UX using React for the Tamil Nadu governments app and web project.  Applied wireframing, prototyping, and iterative design methodologies, resulting in a 30% increase in user engagement and a 20% improvement in overall usability and satisfaction. Projects API Endpoints | ASP.NET, C#  Two-Way-Anova-API: Engineered a robust Two-Way ANOVA API for Bharat Petroleum, enhancing the Homogeneity Testing accuracy by 60% and reducing the time by 40%, for enterprise-level deployment.  Reg-Ch-LTS/STS-API: Developed an enterprise-level API for Regression, STS, LTS, and characterization, enhancing product stability and shelf life analysis by 50% for Bharat Petroleum, and reducing processing time by 30%. Restaurant Reviews Sentiment Analysis | Python, PyTorch, BeautifulSoup, Numpy, Pandas, Google Colab  Created and trained a sentiment analysis model to lter through restaurant reviews and provide a sentiment score, from 0 to 5 (worst to best) for the reviews.  Used BERT, which helps models better understand the relationships between words by analyzing both preceding and following words in a sentence and increased the accuracy by 30%. Brain Tumor Detection | Python, PyTorch, Numpy, Glob, Matplotlib, OpenCV  Implemented a brain tumor detection analysis tool using CNN, matplotlib for visualizations, and data augmentation techniques using the random module for improved generalization, enhancing diagnostic accuracy by 30%.  Utilized NumPy for ecient image data handling, PyTorch for network architecture and training, and OpenCV for pre-processing. Technical Skills Languages: Java, Javascript, C/C++,C#, HTML/CSS, PHP, Python, R, SQL, Go, .NET, Linux Technologies: Node.js, React.js, Angular, Flask, Marshmallow, Hadoop, Ruby, TensorFlow, BeautifulSoup, Scikit-learn. Tools: Visual Studio Professional, Visual Studio Code, Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, MS Oce Suite, Adobe Photoshop, Figma. Certcations: Data Warehousing and BI Analytics, Introduction to Big Data and Hadoop, CISCO Python and End Point Security, HackerRank Problem Solving (Intermediate), Accenture Forage Virtual Experience, Introduction to R. Leadership MUJ ACM SIGAI Student Chapter | General Secretary Apr 2023-Apr 2024  Mentored a team of 120+ students in AIML and Data Science, and guided them through projects and research papers, while formulating and executing multiple successful Hackathons and technical events.