Davinderpal Singh Email: davindersasan.1@gmail.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/davinder Mobile: +91-704-2468-689 Github: github.com/davinder Leetcode: leetcode.com/davinder Codeforces: codeforces.com/davinder Codechef: codechef.com/davinder Education Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science , 9.0 CGPA S.S. Mota Singh School Apr. 2018  May 2020 CBSE New Delhi, Delhi Projects Sep. 2020  May 2024 New Delhi, Delhi Sociahub | LiveDemo | React , Node.js , Express.js , MongoDB , Socket.IO - Developed a robust full-stack Social Networking site using react.js, node.js, express.js and mongodb. - Implemented comprehensive CRUD operations for posts, comments, and likes, enabling users to interact fluidly with content while maintaining data integrity and security. - Integrated Socket.IO to enable real-time communication between users, enhancing engagement and interactivity on the platform. - Implemented secure user authentication and authorization mechanisms to ensure data privacy and protect user accounts from unauthorized access. Car-Rental | LiveDemo | React, Html , Css - Car Rental allow users to rent cars for their personal use on reasonable cost . - It also includes variety of cars for different people . - It is built using React and designed using Html and Css . - Easy to use interface to rent a car one has to put date ,time and location of the pickup. Sorting Algorithm Visualizer | LiveDemo | Javascript , Html , Css - Sorting visualizer is a web application showcasing the inner working of sorting algorithms - It includes colored representation of different steps being executed. - It also visualize time and space complexities . Technical Skills Languages: C++, C , HTML , CSS, JavaScript Technologies/Frameworks: React, Node.js, Express.js , Bootstrap , Sql, MongoDb Achievements - 600+ ques (1700+ Rating) on Leetcode . - 500+ ques on Codechef and Codeforces . - 3 star (1600+ Rating) on Codechef . - Pupil on Codeforces . Certification - Udemy Complete Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp .