Veerendra Nadh Medikonduru  veeruchowdary234 | (cid:239) veerendranadh | # veerendrnadh m@srmap.edu.in | H +91 8897906709 Summary A self-driven CS undergrad at SRMAP skilled in programming languages including Python,Java,C++ and full-stack development.Implemented Block chain based crowdfunding platform utilizing the MERN stack showcasing my ability to develop robust software systems.Led a pioneering research using VGG-16(CNN) for retinal OCT images classification. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 Class 12th BIEAP Board CGPA: 8.42/10 96.5% Work Experience Research Assistant: SRMAP July-Aug.2023 Led my role as a backend developer in building a text classification model from scratch using machine learning fundamentals and NLP techniques. Implemented a RESTful API to integrate the model with frontend applications, ensuring efficient data processing and retrieval to optimize search processes. Hackathon: Unfold2023 Led front end development for a robust e-commerce application at Unfold2023, a Web3 hackathon. Suc- cessfully delivered a user-friendly interface and seamless user experience. Skills Programming Languages: Web Technologies: Database and SoftwareTools: MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Git,version control, Docker Soft Skills: Coursework: Communication Skills,Critical Thinking,Problem Solving Data Structures, Algorithms, OS, DBMS, Software Engineering C, C++, Python, Java HTML, Tailwind CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, Reactjs, Expressjs, Redux Projects BLOCK CHAIN BASED CROWDFUNDING PLATFORM Link to Demo  Developed a crowdfunding platform using modern web technologies to empower creators and en- trepreneurs to secure funding for their innovative projects. Utilized React and Tailwind CSS for the frontend,while handling RESTful API with Expressjs for the backend.  Enhanced trust and security through blockchain integration, ensuring transparent transactions. KALPAVRIKSHAM E-COMMERCE BROKERAGE Link to Demo An e-commerce brokerage website that significantly reduced financial constraints for both producers and consumers by following all C2C business models. Led the front-end development to deliver seamless, responsive user interfaces using Reactjs, Tailwind CSS, and Flowbite React. OCT IMAGE CLASSIFICATION(VGG-16) This study presents a comprehensive VGG16(CNN) architecture in the classification of OCT images. Led pioneering research using CNN for retinal OCT images our primary focus of this research is to optimize hyperparameters to enhance and improve the overall performance of our trained model.