MUNEEB AHMAD SOFI KULGAM Kashmir +91 8825061891 SUMMARY sofimuneeb98@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/sofi-muneeb A results-driven, passionate Civil Engineer with robust academic credentials and practical field experience. Skilled in engineering principles, project management, and cutting-edge technologies. I am eager to apply my expertise and enthusiasm to a dynamic team, contributing to organizational growth while advancing personally. EDUCATION Course Bachelors in Engineering Institute Passing Year Result Model Institute of Engineering And Technology,Jammu Expected June 2024 8.5 CGPA Minor Degree in Transportation Engineering Senior Secondary Indian Institute of Technology, Jammu Jun 2023 8.5 CGPA Govt Higher Secondary School Devsar kulgam Kashmir Secondary Govt High School Zungalpora kashmir 2019 2017 70% 67% PROJECTS Model Institute of Engineering and Technology, Jammu Soil stablization Sept 2023- June 2024 Jammu  Enhancing the index properties of clayey soil by stablization with lime.  Lime acts an additive in the clayey soil in which its presence in short term function affects the plasticity of the soil & long term function will affects its strength & durability.  Strength development index increases with increasing curing age and increasing lime content.  Use as an additive in road construction material.  Use as backfill material. Indian Institute of Technology, Jammu Traffic Engineering March 2023  June 2023 Jammu  Explore traffic engineering by calculating diverse parameters through Kinova software, enhancing understanding and analysis of transportation systems.  Calculate Jam density and various road parameters for precise material assessment and optimal road design. TRAINING R&B Department Building Construction  Complete a 45-day training program focused on the construction of an administrative block at Islamia College, Srinagar  Utilized my skills in a comprehensive training program, focusing on constructing.  Conducted multiple tests to assess materials and optimize design during the internship.  Participated in daily construction meetings and progress updates.  Collaborated with engineers and architects on design plans. Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Srinagar WORK EXPERIENCE Vaanahaa Education and Innovation Labs Survey Camp Aug 2022 - Aug 2022 Jammu  The camp focuses on analyzing and surveying land using a Total Station.  The goal is to gain practical experience with land surveying instruments and fundamental survey practices. CERTIFICATIONS  Completion of Survey Camp using Total Station: Vaanahaa  Completion of Project Based Learning Program on StaadPro: Vaanahaa.  Vaanahaa Completion of BIM ArchiCAD: Vaanahaa.  Dynamic Project Management using Primavera P6: Vaanahaa.  Concrete Technology: NPTEL  Repair and Maintenance: IGNOU  Working with QGIS: Infosys  Microsoft Excel: Coursera ADDITIONAL DETAILS  Hobbies o Badminton o Cricket o Creative Learning, Reading and writing o Learning new skills  Languages o English o Hindi o Kashmiri SKILLS  AutoCAD (Beginner)  STAAD Pro (Intermediate)  ArchiCAD (Intermediate)  (BIM)(Intermediate)  QGIS(Intermediate)  Primavera p6 (Intermediat