RESUME PRATIK MESHRAM Address: Yewalewadi, Pune - 411048, MH, India. E-mail: pratikmeshram7777@gmail.com, Mob: +91 9552305215, LinkedIn Summary Experienced DevOps Engineer with 0-1 years of hands-on experience in the creation of a complete DevOps CI-CD pipeline by integrating Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Tomcat, Terraform, Kubernetes and AWS Cloud in order to automate the deployment process completely. DevOps Tools  Hands-on experience in GIT (Distributed version control tool), Ansible (Configuration Management Tool), Docker (Container Based Tool), Jenkins (Continuous Integration tool), Kubernetes (Container Orchestration Tool), Maven (Build Tool), Tomcat, and Terraform (Infrastructure Management Tool). Operating Systems  RedHat Linux, CentOS, Ubuntu, Amazon Linux & Windows. Certifications  AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials.  AWS Cloud Technical Essentials.  AWS Getting Started with Cloud Security.  Professional Summary  Involved in the creation of a complete DevOps CI-CD pipeline by integrating Git, Maven, Jenkins, Ansible, Docker, Tomcat, Terraform, Kubernetes and AWS Cloud in order to automate the deployment process.  Recommended necessary DevOps tools to be used by studying complete end-to-end CI- CD flow of project architecture and managing accordingly complete infrastructure of the project.  Worked on ways to automate and improve the development and release process.  Participated in the planning of projects and making decisions related to project management.  Many EC2 Instances were launched with the necessary OS and configurations to install and work on all DevOps tools. 1 Professional Experience Project Firm Period Role : C o m p l e t e C I - C D p i p e l i n e f o r a p p l i c a t i o n d e v e l o p m e n t . : S a i d e m y . : Oct 2023  Feb 2024. : DevOps Engineer Intern. Description  Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery pipeline for application development using DevOps tools. CI-CD is implemented using Git, Jenkins, Ansible, Maven, and Tomcat apache.  Managed ports and keys according to the requirements to ensure that there is no unauthorized access.  Using GitHub as a secure means of storing and sharing Playbooks and Docker files with team members.  Integrating Git with Jenkins in a CI-CD process by using Poll SCM to pull source code automatically whenever a Jenkins job is triggered.  Used all Linux commands extensively when performing DevOps tasks.  Managed the scaling up and scaling down of EC2 instances based on the requirements as needed when resources were becoming scarce.  Used Terraform to manage AWS cloud infrastructure in the areas of EC2, S3, IAM, Load Balancer, Auto Scaling, and VPCs.  Billing alarms were created for AWS accounts and suggested mechanisms for reducing charges and good practices. Academic Background Sr.No. Course Institute/University 1 2 3 B.E. in IT Class XII Class X Pune University, MH Defence Career Academy, MH Yashoda High School, MH Year of Passing 2024 2020 2018 Marks (%)/CGPA 6.54 58.41 86.40 Personal Details DATE OF BIRTH GENDER MARITAL STATUS NATIOANLITY LANGUAGES : 04 - 12 -2002 : Male : Single : Indian : English, Hindi & Marathi 2