Vishnupriyan J 9566018561 | vishnupriyan1904@gmail.com | | github.com/vishnu7priyan Education G.R.T.M.Vivekananda Vidyalaya Junior College Hindustan Institute Of Technology and Science Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology with specialization in Cybersecurity Experience Cybersecurity Internship AICTE IBM Skillsbuild  Completed the Network Security Associate from Fortinet  Completed the Evolution of Cybersecurity from Fortinet  Developed a keylogger using the Python programming language. Artificial Intelligence Research Assistant Hindustan University Chennai-600103 2006  2020 Padur - 603103 2021  2025 July 2023 2023-2024  Research paper based on Artificial Intelligence in zero-trust learning and deep learning in Healthcare  Suggested the importance of zero-trust learning and deep learning in healthcare security, emphasizing its significance in enhancing security measures Projects Library Management System | Python  Developed a library management tool for my school library using the Python programming language.  Students can view available books, borrow and return books, and check their due clearance status.  Created a dedicated MySQL database to store and retrieve students data.  Timestamps of students book transactions are recorded and stored in the database. Text, File Encryption and Decryption | Html,Css, Javascript 2019 2022  Developed a text and file encryption/decryption website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Users can utilize Rot13, AES, DES, Caesar cipher, TripleDES, and rail fence cipher to encrypt or decrypt text.  Users also have the option to upload a text file for encryption and receive the corresponding encrypted file. Live Enumeration Open Source Tool | Bash,Python 2022  Developed a Linux-based tool for automating pentesting, encompassing tasks such as recon, sensitive data exposure, and vulnerability identification.  Users receive notifications via the Discord application when the framework detects valuable information.  This tool offers an option to store the results in MySQL database  All data is stored as text with timestamps in their respective folders. API Hacking Tool | Javascript, Python  Developed a Python-based API hacking tool to assess the security posture of website APIs.  Designed and implemented modular components for authentication, injection, enumeration, and fuzzing.  Conducted thorough testing and debugging to ensure the reliability and effectiveness of the tool. Mini projects | Python  Stock market web scraping  Movie ticket alert Bot  ERP Attendance Automator Technical Skills Languages: Python , JavaScript, Bash Python Libraries: requests, selenium, re, argparse, pypdf2 Developer Tools: Git, Docker, Pycharm, Insomnia 2024 2023