KAVYA P pkavya.it2021@citchennai.net 7305641550 Kavya P Kavya013 EDUCATION Chennai Institute Of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology (CGPA:8.7) 2021  2025 | Chennai, TamilNadu INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE VNC DIGITAL SERVICES | Quality Assurance Analyst Intern May 2023  July 2023 Gained extensive hands-on experience in quality assurance practices and procedures,Utilized bug tracking tools to log, prioritize, and manage defects contributing to improved software quality. Conducted comprehensive manual testing while also developing and executing automated test scripts achieving increased test coverage and improved overall testing efficiency. Projects: ,Pennyslvania Medical Drug Company Website- Automation Testing using Selenium with Java. OASIS INFOBYTE | Java Developer Intern June 2023  July 2023 Gained hands-on experience in Java programming, focusing on application development and understanding about object-oriented programming principles, including inheritance and polymorphism. Enhanced problem-solving skills and developed time management by completing tasks within the one month internship period working efficiently and effectively. Projects: Online Reservation System, Guess the Number Game -Console based Application for practicing Java. PROJECTS SkyScan | React Js,Node Js,MySQL February 2024  March 2024 This is a Weather Application that provides users with real-time weather updates for their desired locations. The standout feature is voice search capability.Implemented a messaging and email notification system that sends alerts to users five minutes before sunrise and sunset. Enabled real-time weather updates with 85% accuracy, ensuring users receive timely information. GitHub Link: https://github.com/Kavya013/skyscan_app BotaniQ | ReactJs,NodeJs,MySQL May 2024  June 2024 Users can input detailed information about their plants, receive reminders for watering and fertilizing Achieved 78% accuracy in real time care schedules, ensuring optimal plant health management. Integrated unique features such as photo uploads for tracking plant growth, a community forum for sharing tips and advice, and the ability to create shopping lists for plant care items. These features enhance user engagement and support a collaborative plant care community. GitHub Link: https://github.com/Kavya013/BotaniQ Pennsylvania Medical Drug Website-Automation Testing June 2023  July 2023 Developed comprehensive test plans and test cases to guarantee thorough functional coverage. Used TestNG to organize tests,run them simultaneously,and implemented Allure to create visually engaging reports that show test status,trends.Achieved 95% test coverage through test plans and automated scripts. Tech Stack: Selenium with Java, TestNG,Jira,Allure reports. SKILLS Programming Languages and Database: Web Development: Python,Java,C,MySQL HTML,CSS,Javascript,ReactJs,NodeJs,ExpressJs Testing: Developer Tools: Selenium,Jira,TestNG,Allure Reports,Log4j Github CERTIFICATES Introduction to ReactJs Introduction to Docker Selenium with Java - Coursera AWS S3 Basics-Coursera COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING PROFILE AND ACHIEVEMENTS  Skillrack - 500 Problems Solved  Sponsorship Head - IT Department Technical Symposium 2023.Securing partnership with company like Softrate, which contributed cash prizes and internship opportunities.