Bhuvanesh Raj K P bhuvaneshcode693@gmail.com 6369801328 Chennai Bhuvaneshraj Bhuvaneshraj EDUCATION Chennai Institute Of Technology Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering (CGPA: 8.4) 2021  2025 Chennai, TamilNadu PROJECTS Student ID v 1.0 | MERN STACK A student profile webpage where any student from the campus can register themselves with their academic details to have a inhand id that can be easily updated and viewed anytime by the user. Admin can view every students academic details like CGPA by using students registernumber. JWT for authentication , authorization and session management which can prevent 95 % of the site threats. Student portal also includes GPA calculater where admin can post the gpa template for an exam and student can calculate their GPA by entering their subject grades and data is updated in the centralised database. GitHub Link- https://github.com/Bhuvanesh-raj/STUDENT-ID Chat IO | ExpressJS ,Websockets.io A Real time chat App built using websockets with personal chat and group chat features. Real Time update on end users activity using instant unique event calls such as User is typing ,User disconnected. Interactive UI for user attraction and user comfort. GitHub Link - https://github.com/Bhuvanesh-raj/Chat-IO Private Cloud Network Built my very own cloud network using CasaOS on a ubuntu server to host my services in the server and to make it accessible across the devices in my network. Installed Splunk for VAPT incase of any breach or threat happens on the cloud service. Enabled port forwarding to be able to access the service from any part of the world using the public ip address of the router on which the cloud server is hosted. Configured the Firewall to prevent unwanted access to the server and i hosted my projects in this server so they are always active and can be accessed using other devices on the network. CERTIFICATION Udemy: The Complete 2023 Web Development Bootcamp Cisco: Introduction to Cybersecurity, Cybersecurity Essentials, CCNA-1, CCNA-2 , Networking Basics Coursera: Cybersecurity Roles, Processes & Operating System Security,Introduction to Cybersecurity Tools SKILLS Languages: Java ,Python, C++, JavaScript WebStacks: ReactJS , NodeJS ,ExpressJS , JWT ,MongoDB ,MYSQL Networking: Linux, Cisco Packet Tracker Devops: Docker, Git, GitHub Cybersecurity: VAPT COMPETITVE CODING LeetCode Solved more than 250 problems on leetcode Active Participation in contest with contest rating 1534 Codechef Star rating: 2 Active Participation in contest with contest rating 1340 CodeForces Status: newbie Active Participation in contest with contest rating 924