vishwas.mishra1234@gmail.com +918738030014 https://www.linkedin.com/in/vishwas-mishra-742192259/ https://github.com/plutus123 https://plutus123.github.io/Portfolio/ Vishwas Mishra Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology , Gorakhpur 2021 - 2025 BTech in Information Technology CGPA: 6.71 Dr Virendra Swaroop Public School Cantt , Kanpur 2019 - 2020 Intermediate Percent: 95% Professional Experience Machine Learning Engineer Intern Foyr May 16th 2024 - Present  Worked on Langchain and OpenAI function calling to execute projects like notes-generator, resume-parser, ChatBot, Document Chatter.  Worked on models like Non-Cuboid, DETR, 3DETR, YOLO, Dectron2, Roomnet, Holistic3D, Mask2Former. Machine Learning Engineer Intern LettUs Digest April 3rd, 2024 - May-24th 2024    Executed YOLOv8-obb model to build an application which classifies organic and inorganic wastes and helps to separate them. Used Fatkun extension for batch downloading the images and then used roboflow to annote and train my YOLOv8-obb model. Integrated the machine learning model with an Android application using Firebase to facilitate real-time waste classification. Data Analyst Intern DataProSoftwareDevelopment and Research Centre Pvt Ltd Feb 9th 2023 - March 13th 2024 Developed an automated data cleaning process resulting in a 40% reduction in data errors and saving the team 10 hours per week. Conducted advanced data analysis using tools such as Matplotlib, Seaborn, numpy, PowerBI to derive actionable insights.    Managed and refined monthly datasets by adding critical columns, enabling in-depth analysis for strategic decisions in optimizing advertisements placements and timing, maximizing earnings and enhancing student engagement through targeted educational tactics. Projects Ice-breaker <link> April 2024 - May 2024    Utilized Langchain, OpenAI's GPT-3.5-turbo and Tavily Search to create a tool that searches for individuals on LinkedIn based on their name and retrieves detailed information about them. Designed an intuitive user interface using Streamlit allowing users to input a name and receive comprehensive LinkedIn information including summaries and interesting facts within 5 seconds. Leveraged LLMChain and custom prompt templates to create concise summaries and unique facts from LinkedIn data achieving a 95% accuracy rate in information extraction and presentation. Skin-Disease Predictor <link> February 2024 - March 2024    Collected and preprocessed over 12000 images using Image Downloader Chrome extension and trained a ResNet-15v2 model achieving 97% accuracy. Built the backend with FastAPI achieving response times under 200ms and developed the frontend with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React resulting in a user-friendly interface. Conducted over 50 tests using Postman to verify API endpoints and ensure application performance and reliability. LexiPrompt <link> November 2023 - December 2023    Fine-tuned a GPT-2 model using LoRA adapters achieving an exceptional perplexity score of 1.82(indicative of high model accuracy). Used Python and Pytorch within the Hugging Face environment for model training and optimizations. Integrated the ML model into a web application using Flask showcasing its text generation capabilities. Built the user interface with HTML, CSS and JavaScript to provide a seamless user experience. Configured and monitored model training through Weight & Biases (WandB) reducing operational complexities. Achieved consistent reduction in training loss over 7,000 steps enhancing training outcomes and boosting model reliability through effective logging and real-time performance metrics monitoring. Spam-Ham Predictor <link> October 2023 - November 2023    Innovated and applied a highly accurate Spam Ham Detector in Python leveraging Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib and Seaborn achieving 95% precision and reduced false positives by 40% for enhanced data analysis and visualization. Employed advanced NLP techniques (NLTK, re, stopwords, Porter Stemmer and WordNet Lemmatizer) for effective data cleaning and text normalization. Leveraged TFIDF-Vectorizer to convert text data into a numerical format. Deployed an XGBoost Classifier to accurately classify and predict spam/ham messages. Visualized model performance through metrics like ROC, Accuracy, Recall and F2 score and used Streamlit to built an interactive application for showcasing the Spam Ham Detector's functionality. Achievements       1X NoteBook Expert at Kaggle. Solved 800+ problems in Leetcode and GFG. Ranked in the top 30% in the Regression Mohns Hardness Dataset Competition which was held globally in kaggle platform. Ranked in the top 30% in the Binary Prediction of Smoker Staus Dataset Competition which was held globally in kaggle platform. Qualified for Round 1 in HackOn With Amazon - Season 3. Qualified for Round 1 in Flipkart Grid 5.0. Skills Languages : Python, C, C++, SQL, R-programming. DataStructures and Algorithms : Array, Linked List, Stack, Queue, Trees, Heap, Sorting, Dynamic Programming. DBMS : MySQL , Oracle, PostgreSQL, VectorDatabases(like Pinecone, FIASS, ChromaDB) Web Development : HTML ,CSS, JavaScript, React. Libraries/Models : Dectron2, DETR, Langchain, DataAnalysis, Excel, PowerBI. Pandas, Matplotlib, Numpy, Seaborn, Tensorflow-Keras, Pytorch, scikit-learn, NLTK, spacy, OpenCv, AWS, Gpt, Bert. YOLO, RESNET, Machine Learning : Regression, Classification, Clustering, Associate Learning, Reinforcement Learning, NLP, LLM, Deep Learning, Computer Vision. Soft Skills : Public Speaking, Leadership, Teamwork.