Manaal Mohammed Arif Chennai, India | +91-9840904188 | manaal.arif.03@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/manaal-arif Languages: English, Hindi, Urdu, Arabic Objective To obtain a full-time opportunity in the field of Computer Science in an organization where I can contribute to the best of my skills in return for high quality industry exposure and a steep learning curve. Education B.Tech - CSE High School Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Chennai, India (CGPA: 8.71/10) May 25 International Indian School, Dammam, Saudi Arabia (Percentage: 88%) Mar 21 Technical Skills Programming Languages: SQL, Python, Machine Learning, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Tools / Software: PowerBI, Wireshark, MySQL, MS Excel, Microsoft Office, Adobe Illustrator, Arduino IDE. Other Skills: Communication and organizational skills, Leadership qualities. Courses  Augmented and Virtual Reality, Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science.  Cloud Computing, AWS Academy.  Python Programing, MyCaptain.  Web Technology, MyCaptain.  Honours in Cyber Security, Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science. Internships Data Analyst Intern at Muthu Innovators Creators Pvt Ltd, working and learning as a data analyst intern. Dec 23  Mar 24  Learning and implementing features and applications of PowerBI.  Creating all different kinds of Dashboards.  Using various types of methods, like PowerPoint, PowerBI or from scratch.  Worked on Sales Dashboard for a project. Analyst Intern at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals, worked as an intern analyst. Dec22  Jan23  Worked as an intern at KFUPM and learned all the basic MS Excel skills.  Understood various tools in Adobe Illustrator and implemented it.   Tried different combination of the given data to get the accurate results. Implemented those skills in a project in which I had to perform analysis on different variety of data given, Projects  Phish Patrol: A bane to Phishers - Phish Patrol is a website which provides information about Phishing and how to stop it. It not only gives guidance to the users but also comes up with a dynamic feature to check if a particular url is safe or not.  Find Me: A safety location tracker - FindMe, as the name suggests it is a IoT location tracker, which tracks the location of anything in particular. It can be used in case of emergency situations. It is also attached with a safety audio recorder, which can be switched on to record during crisis.  Sudoku: AI solver - This AI solver is a Sudoku game which I programmed by using Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms such as Convolutional Neural Network (CNN).  Network Traffic Analysis  By using both Cyber Security and Machine Learning, in this project, I performed network detection in the WiFi Networks using Wireshark and extracted the dataset from it and then performed Analysis on it by implementing different Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms to assess anomalies in the network traffic.  Random Snippets and Scripts: Wrote a lot of scripts using Python, JavaScript and other scripting languages to solve random problems.