Maladhika Mohan Email: maladhika2401@gmail.com Mobile: +91 7092303811 Career Objective & Summary A dedicated and data-driven student with a strong academic foundation, excellent problem-solving skills, and a passion for continuous learning. Eager to apply classroom knowledge and develop practical skills in a professional setting, seeking opportunities aligned with career goals and allowing for effective contributions to a dynamic team. Enhanced knowledge in Data Analytics such as R core Data Science & Data Mining.   Basic knowledge on Python & C+.  Vast knowledge acquired with respect to Design, Requirement Analysis, ExecutionAs a dedicated and data driven student, I bring a strong academic foundation, excellent problem. Technical Skills OS Data Analytic Windows, Linux, Ubuntu R core Data Science, Data Visualization, Statistics, Data Mining, Data Warehouse, Machine learning Technologies Python, C+, JAVA Database Tools SQL Jupyter, Colab, Ecplise, VS code Educational Qualification Qualification Institution Percentage SSLC HSC T.T.A matriculation higher secondary school T.T.A matriculation higher secondary school B.Tech Hindustan Institute Of Technology & Science 76% 84% 85%(upto 6th sem) Certifications J Spiders- JAVA Great learning  Python For Data Science Microsoft-Power BI Great Learning- SQL Maladhika Mohan Email: maladhika2401@gmail.com Mobile: +91 7092303811 Projects Title Spam email spoofing detection Description Created a dataset with spoof and trusted mails using machine learning. then trained the logistic regression model with these dataset to classify these mails. Voice assistance with chatGPT integrated This project aims to develop a voice-based conversational AI system by integrating the ChatGPT language model with speech-to-text (STT) and text to speech (TTS) technologies. Internship Metro Brand - Mumbai Virtual Internship Tata- Data Visualization Chennai Non-Technical Skills Dedicated data analyst with 1Month of experience at Metro Brand Mumbai, seeking to leverage my analytical skills and industry knowledge to contribute effectively to a data driven organization. Acquired skills in data visualization, effectively translating raw data into visually appealing and informative charts, graphs, and dashboards. Helped improve business decisions with clear data-driven insights. Languages Tamil,English,Hindi,Urdu Hobbies Drawing, Dancing, Yoga,Karate USP Teamwork, Flexibility, Creativity Declaration I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge.