Shubham Maddheshiya Final Year Undergrad Bachelor of Technology Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology, Gorakhpur Deoria, U.P, India (cid:131) +91 8318474251 # shubham.maddheshiya.4g@gmail.com  GitHub (cid:239) LinkedIn (cid:239) Portfolio Education Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Madan Mohan Malaviya University of Technology, Gorakhpur Intermediate Saraswati Senior Secondary Vidya Mandir, Deoria Experience 2020-24 CGPA: 8.36 April 2018 - March 2019 Percentage: 80.4 Technack Technologies Private Limited Problem Setter Intern Remote  Developed a diverse range of DSA problems for coding competitions, online platforms, or educational resources, Dec 2022 - Feb 2023 ensuring they are challenging, relevant, and aligned with industry standards and best practices.  Demonstrated strong proficiency in various data structures and algorithms by creating problems that require sound understanding and application of concepts such as sorting, searching, dynamic programming, and more. Personal Projects BookADoc Live / Code A Mern Stack web application where user can book appointment and apply for the doctor.  Technology Used: MongoDB, Reactjs, Expressjs, Nodejs.  Patients can book appointments and check the status of their appointment (e.g., Reduced paperwork by 50 percent).  Doctors can approve or reject the appointment made by the patients.  Developed and Integrated 20+ APIs in overall project to efficiently manage appointments and request made by users. BudgetBuddy Live / Code A Mern Stack web application to create a fully functional expense/income tracker app.  Technology Used: MongoDB, Reactjs, Expressjs, Nodejs.  Users can add and delete a income/expense detail.  Implemented a pie chart functionality to demonstrate the overall transactions and turnover of income/expense.  Developed and Integrated APIs in overall project to efficiently manage transaction updates made by users. Xchange-Crypto Live / Code Designed and developed a Front End web application to keep track of the Cryptocurrency all over the world.  Technology Used - ReactJS, Material UI, Axios.  Exhibits various parameters such as prices(in INR and USD), market cap, 24hr change in profit-loss.  Implemented graphical analysis of each coins using Chart.js.  Employed user interface using React, leveraging components, state management utilizing Context API. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C/C++, HTML, CSS, Javascript Libraries : STL, ReactJs Web Dev Tools: VScode, Git, Github Frameworks: ExpressJs, Bootstrap Cloud/Databases:MongoDB, Firebase, Relational Database(MySQL) Relevent Coursework: Data Structures Algorithms, Operating Systems, Database Management System, Software Engineering, Object Oriented Programming(OOPs). Areas of Interest: Data Structures and Algorithms, Web Development. Soft Skills: Leadership, Event Management, Content Writing, Public Speaking, Time Management. Achievements  Leetcode : 425+ problems solved. | Link  Secured AIR 1515 in CodeKaze 2023 out of 2 lakhs +participants. | Link  100+Days badge on Leetcode in 2023. | Link  Secured a global rank of 2649 out of 23000+ participants in Leetcode weekly contest. Positions of Responsibility Member at National Service Scheme- MMMUT, Gorakhpur Dec 2022 - May 2024