Nannapaneni Navyasri  Navyasri3624 | (cid:239) Navyasri | # navyasrin3624@gmail.com | H +91 9963256463 Summary Seeking an internship to work on impactful projects, gain practical experience, and advance technical skills under experienced professional supervision. Work Experience APSSDC (Web Development using Django) June 2023 - Aug 2023  Successfully completed APSSDCs Web Development Using Django program.  Demonstrated proficiency in Django framework and delivered impactful web development project.  Developed a Django-based Student Portal utilizing Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap.  Enabled teachers to manage student data and facilitated student access to attendance, marks, and administrative features.  Empowered administrators with centralized control for efficient communication and streamlined tasks. Research Internship - Heart Disease Prediction June 2023 - Aug 2023  This research internship, under the guidance of Dr. Murali Krishna Enduri, focused on advancing AI and ML algorithms to improve the accuracy of heart disease prediction.  Using data of patient, I trained models to identify whether the Heart disease was present or not.  Utilizing machine learning algorithms, it aimed to develop the Predictive Modeling for Heart Disease Detection  successfully published Research paper In IEEE Conference. Projects Under Graduate Research Opportunities Project  Developed MindSight: Revolutionizing Brain Tumor Diagnosis with Deep Learning to enhance med- ical imaging diagnostics.  Implemented cutting-edge deep learning architectures (EfficientNetB3, ResNet50, MobileNetV3, VGG16) to analyze MRI images. Transportation Scheduling using Artificial Intelligence  Implemented the A* algorithm to determine optimal routes based on combined current and estimated future costs  This approach systematically evaluates paths, prioritizing those with minimized overall expenses.  The project focuses on optimizing logistics between warehouses and customers, ensuring efficient pathfinding in diverse environments. Tic-Tac-Toe  This project utilizes HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a visually appealing and interactive expe- rience.  The game is designed to be intuitive and user-friendly, making it accessible for players of all ages. Education B.Tech CSE at SRM University 2021-2025 2019 - 2021 Class 12th at Sri Chaithanya Mahila Jr College Class 10th at Sri Chaithanya School 2019 (7.91/10) (81.9/100) (9.5/10) Publications R. Gandham, K. R. Manambakam, S. V. N. Madala, N. S. Nannapaneni, S. Tokala and M. K. Enduri, Predictive Modeling for Heart Disease Detection with Machine Learning, click here R. Gandham, K. R. Manambakam, N. Nannapaneni, M. K. Enduri, K. Hajarathaiah and S. Anamalamudi, MindSight: Revolutionizing Brain Tumor Diagnosis with Deep Learning, click here Skills HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap NodeJS MongoDB Django ReactJS SQL C++ Python Java Last updated: July 3, 2024