+91 9354400499 Noida,India Nilay Kumar II SD Intern@Mealawe Full Stack Developer II MEAN Stack II Software Testing II Problem-solving EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Year 2025 2021 2019 Degree B.Tech XII X Institution Board/University Specialization Manipal University Jaipur Manav Rachna International School Manav Rachna International School Manipal University CCE engineering CBSE CBSE Science - Summer Internship Mealawe II Software Developer Intern II Pune CGPA/% 8.02 (pursuing) 85% 90% 2 Months Jun 24-Aug 24  Developed and implemented new features for the marketplace, including adding item sections and creating item cards for orders. Designed and built a reactive form to enhance user interaction and data submission processes. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to integrate features seamlessly into the platform. Contributed to improving the overall user experience through innovative UI/UX design and development. Engaged in testing and debugging to ensure high-quality, reliable software delivery. Assisted in optimizing the platform's performance by identifying and resolving front-end issues. Conducted research and contributed ideas for improving the UI/UX design of the marketplace. Gained hands-on experience with agile methodologies and software development best practices. Mealawe II SD intern  Enhanced Marketplace Functionality: Developed new fetures for Mealawe's marketplace platform, including item sections and dynamic item cards, to improve order management and user engagement.  Improved User Interaction: Designed and implemented a reactive form for better data submission. Job Portal  Created a Job Portal using JavaScript involves building a backend service that allows you to manage job postings. Used Node.js with Express for Backend  Developed a job listing and application interface with Angular, including search functionality and user profile May ,2024 Jun-Aug24 Responsibilities PROJECTS Live Project UG Project Low Light Image Enhancement Feb 2024  Developed a deep learning model to enhance low light images using python.  Compiled a diverse dataset of low-light images for training and testing, applying pre-processing techniques to remove noise. CO-CURRICULAR / CERTIFICATIONS Co-curricular Activities & Achievements Certifications  Hackathon Win: Secured 2nd position in Inter University hackathon showcasing problem-solving and coding skills.  Research Project: Collaborated with a professor on a research project focused on Computer Network Visualization, leading to a presentation at ICICV conference.  Cisco Certified Network Associate  IBM certification: AIML  Oracle Academy certification: RDBMS 2023 2023 2024 2024 2023 SKILLS  Programming languages: HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, C, MongoDb, SQL  Soft Skills: Leadership, Communication, Team Player, Personable II Languages: English, Hindi EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES / OTHERS  Club: Served as Head of Events of Glitch Esports Society organizing events and workshops that benefited over 1000+ students.  Interests: Web Development, Computer Vision, Reading, Sports