+91-7976619822 | khushisoni5784@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/khushi-soni-8b1624225/ | github.com/khushi Khushi Soni Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA Experience Jaipur, India Oct. 2021  May 2025 8.73 Research Intern Robotics and Machine Analytics Laboratory June 2023  July 2023 Malaviya National Institute of Technology, Jaipur  Worked upon a research article that was accepted at 2023 Seventh International Conference on Image Information Processing (ICIIP).  Studied about various Machine Learning and deep learning models and practiced it on some publicly available datasets.  Explored various python libraries and studied the maths required for machine learning and data science. Publications AI-Enhanced Diagnosis: Pediatric Chest X-ray Classification for Bronchiolitis and Pneumonia 2023 Seventh International Conference on Image Information Processing (ICIIP) | 28 May, 2024 Projects Bronchiolitis and Pneumonia disease prediction | Python, CNN, Transfer Learning, Feature Extraction June 2023  Oct. 2023  Developed a deep learning model for classification of bronchiolitis and pneumonia in healthcare  Employed deep transfer learning models, including VGG16, VGG19, MobileNetV2, and InceptionResNetV2, to diagnose bronchiolitis and pneumonia in pediatric chest X-rays (PCXr)  Used transfer learning and feature extraction to improve accuracy Plant Leaf Disease Detection and Severity Assessment Using Deep CNN Architectures | Python, CNN March 2024  May 2024  Developed a deep learning model for automated plant leaf disease detection and severity assessment using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs).  Evaluated and compared the performance of pre-trained CNN architectures, including ResNet50, MobileNet, and InceptionV3, for accurate disease classification and severity grading.  Utilized transfer learning to leverage pre-trained model knowledge and improve disease detection accuracy while reducing training time. DDoS Attack Detection using Deep Learning and Random Forest Approaches | Python, ANN, RF Feb. 2024  March 2024  Developed a model to detect Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attacks on a network.  Employed a hybrid approach utilizing both Deep Learning and Random Forest algorithms for classification.  Preprocessed network traffic data to handle missing values and normalize features.  Trained and evaluated the models to achieve high accuracy in identifying DDoS attacks. Technical Skills Languages: Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C, SQL Developer Tools: Jupyter Notebook, Google Colab, VS Code, PyCharm Libraries: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, OpenCV, seaborn