ARYAN SINGHAL +91 9105054212  Dehradun, India aryansinghal18@gmail.com  linkedin.com OBJECTIVE Dedicated Computer Science undergraduate with experience as a Python developer. Proficient in Python, Flask, Mongodb, SQL, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Strong foundation in RDBMS, OS, and OOPs principles. Committed to taking ownership of projects and leading teams to success. EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering, Manipal University Jaipur CGPA : 8.00 (Till VI Sem) Expected 2025 Higher Secondary School Doon International School, Dehradun Percentage: 88.4 Secondary School Education Delhi Public School, Roorkee Percentage: 83.4 SKILLS 2021 2019 Technical Skills (Intermediate) Technical (Basics) Soft Skills Python, Html, CSS, Javascript, Mongodb, SQL, Advanced statistics. Regression and ML techniques, React.Js, C++. Problem Solving, Communication, Leadership. EXPERIENCE Software Trainee WittyBrains Software Technology limited June 2024 - Aug 2024 Noida  Led the development of an intelligent chatbot that recommends songs based on sentiment analysis. Ensured robust and scalable code while collaborating effectively with the team.  Tech Stack: Flask, Python, MongoDB, Streamlit, REST APIs, JSON, JWT, Git. PROJECTS Attendance Management System. Developed an automated attendance management system using Embedded C++, MySQL, RFID, and NodeMCU, with data integration to Google Sheets. Got it patented for the innovation and authored a research paper accepted by the ICT4SD conference. This project enhances attendance tracking efficiency for educational institutions. Skills: C++, MySQL  Arduino  Internet of Things (IoT) (Try it here) Hotel Management Website. Developed a comprehensive hotel management website using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL. The system features an intuitive booking process, secure admin panel, easy can- cellations, and integrated payment gateway. Enhanced the efficiency of hotel operations and customer satisfaction, leading to increased online bookings and streamlined management. Skills: HTML  MySQL  Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  JavaScript  PHP Movie Recommendation System. Developed a movie recommendation system using Python, SQL and machine learning techniques, leveraging CountVectorizer for text processing. The system analyzes movie plots to suggest similar films, enhancing user experience with personalized recommendations based on content similarity. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Active in college events, Ive been part of the core committee for tech and cultural fests, and have contributed to social causes like blood donation camps. In my leisure time, I enjoy traveling, photography, playing pool, and following financial markets.