+91 72756 76734 | omgupta.se@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/omguptacse | github.com/omgupta2202 | Portfolio OM GUPTA Education B. Tech (Computer Science and Engineering) KIET Group of Institutions Affiliated to AKTU, Lucknow Higher Secondary School (Class 12) Maharishi Vidya Mandir (CBSE), Orai, Jalaun, U.P. Experience Software Developer Engineer Intern Signimus Technologies Pvt Ltd, Indore, Madhya Pradesh (Apr 2021 - Present) CGPA: 7.47 (Apr 2018 - Apr 2020) Percentage: 95 (Oct 2023 - Feb 2024)  Contributed in a project for developing highly interactive ChatGPT-based application, integrating the OpenAI API tailored for a specific institution, resulting in an 80% improvement in desired responses.  Utilized Python, Django, JavaScript, HTML, and AWS to ensure scalability, robustness, and deployment of the project.  Designed and implemented data extraction and automation script using Selenium and Django, reducing manual work by 90% and enhancing testing efficiency by 60%. Projects Play-Ground: E-commerce Video Game Store (cid:135) (Mar 2024 - Jun 2024)  Developed and deployed a dynamic e-commerce platform using Python and Django, featuring integrated Stripe payment processing.  Integrated secure payment processing through the Stripe API, ensuring reliable transactions and fostering trust.  Implemented advanced product search and filtering functionalities for enhanced user experience.  Designed comprehensive product pages with interactive features, including user reviews and ratings. ChatGPT Clone (cid:135) (Jan 2024 - Feb 2024)  Led the development of a ChatGPT clone utilizing Django and JavaScript, integrating the OpenAI API, used fine-tuned API for personalized results.  Integrated ChatGPTs API seamlessly into the platform, empowering users to receive contextually relevant responses in real-time.  Implemented robust user authentication and chat storage functionalities, ensuring data privacy and security, implemented JWT for authentication, PostgreSQL for database management. Customer Relationship Management (CRM) App (cid:135) (Sep 2023 - Nov 2023)  Developed a comprehensive CRM app for businesses, facilitating customer management, product listing, order tracking, and delivery management using Django as the backend  Enhanced data accessibility and usability with efficient CRUD operations  Integrated order management system, allowing sellers to easily track and manage delivered and undelivered orders Technical Skills Languages: Python, C/C++, SQL (Postgres, MongoDB), JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: Django, DRF(Django Rest Framework), FastAPI Developer Tools: Git, Amazon Web Services, VS Code, Visual Studio, PyCharm, IntelliJ, Postman, Docker Position of Responsibility Core Member, FOSSC (Free and Open Source Software Community) (Mar 2022 - Present)  Collaborated with colleagues and engaged with a community of 150+ members  Mentored 10+ junior members, guiding them to contribute to open-source platforms Co-Curricular Activity  Participated in yearly Hackathon conducted by KIET Group of Institutions - Innotech-2023  Engaged in various Online Coding Competitions such as Codevita-2023, Flipkart Grid-2022, ML Summer School-2022