DHANALAKSHMI A CURRICULUM VITAE Contact Mobile : +91- 7022948418 E-mail : andhanu8418@gmail.com DHANALAKSHMI A M.S.W (HR) Address: Dhanalakshmi A D/o Anantharaju K H Place: Hassan Personal Details. Dateof birth : 01/05/1997 Sex Marital Status: Unmarried Nationality : Indian : Female Languages Known: To Speak: Kannada, English To Read: Kannada, English Hobbies: Listening to Music, Singing, Dancing, Drawing, Travelling, Cooking Professional objective: To obtain high excellence in growth-oriented organization and to utilize myself as a resource for all kinds of challenging jobs by upgrading my knowledge and skill from time to time. Looking for challenging career, where there is scope for demonstration. Work Experience: Employer : Mekhos Technology Services Pvt. Ltd., Designation : Sr. HR Executive Experience : 28-October-2021 to till date. Job Profile: ASSIGNMENTS HANDLED/ RESPONSIBILITIES  Conducting Joining Formalities  Issuing offer letter and ID Cards, creation of Salary account.  Assisting in conducting exit interview process for resigned.  General Insurance Addition and Deletion and giving aware of the employees.  Conducting Induction to the new joining employees.  Maintaining daily basis of the Manpower Report.  Checking the attendance of employees, maintaining daily basis leave report Involving committee meetings.   Maintaining Employees tracker.  Preparing Increment Letter  Medical insurance quotes follow up with insurance agents.  Supporting for the recruitment, development and retention of high-quality staff. Payroll and Statutory areas  Updating of the new company policies and maintaining.  Monitoring payroll and designing CTC with breakup of gross salary.  Preparing summary for new joiners.  Delivering pay slips with all statutory deductions and preparing summary of Pay slips including leave calculations.  Statutory Compliances: PT, ESI, PF-calculations, remittance, filings i.e. payment- challans, monthly return sand PF transfer/settlement forms.  F&F Settlement.  Manage employee queries with regards to their deductions, settlements and supporting their requirements  Document maintenance.  TDS Calculation Form-16  Muster Data Maintenance from-22.  Bonus and Variable pay calculations.  Factory Act-1948 Half yearly returns form-21, Annual returns form-20, Form D, Form-22, Form-23, Form-15. HR Operations: Managing the complete on boarding and induction of new employees joining and employee back ground verification of candidate Brief on what all the activities do on daily basis Pre-Joining Formalities - Ensure verification of the documents, offer letter generation. Post Joining Formalities  Bank formalities & introducing new employee to respective team. Employees Grievance: Handling employees grievance on day today. Computer skills: Good working knowledge in MS Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook, Power-Point, Internet and Advanced Excel reports i.e., Pivot Table, Auto Filters, V-Lookup, H-Lookup Mail Merge, Splits and Freeze Panes which is used prepare to MIS reports. Advanced Excel formulas and Shortcut keys. Educational Qualification Master in Social Work Specialization: HR Course Institution Name Year of Passing Percentage JSS College Arts Commerce Science (Mysore University) Kuvempu First Grade College (Mysore University Kuvempu College, Hassan Grama Bharathi Sarvodaya School, Sarapura 2019 2017 2014 2012 MSW (HR) B.com PUC SSLC Achievement 69.70% 77.00% 57.00% 63.68%   I have participated in Unnath Bharath Abhiyan activities of the college conduting during 2018-19. I have got recognisition award from Mekhos Technology Pvt. Ltd., Field Work Experience  1- year field work Practicum and Project Work in Shahi Exports Pvt. Ltd., Mysore  21 Days Summer Placement Sarvodaya Organization, Chikkamagaluru.  Working Experience as a Field work Trainee at Shahi Exports.  I have participated 7 days Social Work Camp for Academic purpose. Declaration I hereby declare that all the above-mentioned informations are true and correct to my knowledge and belief. Date Place : Bangalore Dhanalakshmi A