Delhi| janvi.shankar29@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/janvi-shankar | 8700842197 JANVI SHANKAR EDUCATION Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology  Expected gradution:2024 | CGPA:9.19 SKILLS Programming Languages: C++, C, Java, Python, ML, MySQL, HTML, CSS, Git, JavaScript Skills: Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Excel, MySQL, WordPress, android development, Google Cloud, digital marketing, IoT Soft skills: leadership, teamwork, communication skills, time management EXPERIENCE Kodnest Java Full Stack Intern  Worked on the design, development, and deployment of full-stack applications using Java, March 2024-May 2024 HTML, and CSS.  Designed and optimized database schemas, wrote SQL queries, and managed data using MySQL/PostgreSQL  Contributed to the successful deployment of multiple projects, receiving positive feedback from supervisors and team members. GAOTek Inc. Assistant Tech Manager May 2022-June 2023  Working on building C programs using T.38 protocols to test the products.  Debugged and linked many projects in the DSP TI Tool and created libraries and makefiles using GCC in Linux.  Tested the codes on both TI Tools and gcc compiler.  Created ppt on various technical topics related to IoT, BLE, and RFID  Published the posts on WordPress, designed a website, implemented the companys SEO plans, and monitored their effectiveness. Software Development Intern Dec 2021-April 2022  Worked on implementing empty functions of a project.  Complied and linked projects together on CC Studios various versions. Leadership: Supervised a team of 5  Developed and tested C++ based console application that allowed communication between other consoles. Promoted to Team Leader, guided team members, and conducted weekly team meetings.  ShapeAI Web Development Intern  Research, write, and organize case studies supporting business units.  Worked on the frontend as well as the backend of the eCommerce website.  Worked on Lead generation and Channel development. PROJECTS  Object detection and smart navigation system for visually impaired people: Designed and implemented an innovative Object Detection and Navigation system empowering visually impaired individuals to navigate their surroundings seamlessly. March 2021-Oct 2021  Dyslexia Detection: It explores the application of machine learning techniques for the prediction of dyslexia, aiming to provide a timely and accurate diagnosis. AWARDS  Sh. Panna Lal Garg Memorial GOLD Medal & Scholarship.  1st position in science quiz competition at State Level.