Resume Manan Gandhi Doctoral Student in OBHRM Area at IIM Bangalore manang23@iimb.ac.in / manangandhi2303@gmail.com AREAS OF INTEREST Positive Psychology, Indian Psychology, Motivation, Prosocial Behavior, Social Identity, Ethics EDUCATION B.Tech. in Mechanical Engineering, IIT Delhi, India  Overall GPA: 8.31/10 M.S. in Economics and Computation, Duke University  Overall GPA: 3.77/4 (2015-2019) (2019-2021) PhD in Organizational Behavior and Human Resource Management, IIM Bangalore (2023- Present)  Overall GPA: 3.70/4 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Research Associate with Prof Vishal Gupta, OB Area, IIM-A Prescriptive and Descriptive Ethical Decision Making (Jan 2022 - May 2023)  Registered a working paper on Integrated Framework to Resolve Ethical Dilemmas at IIM-A.  1st Runner Up at K.J.Somaiya Institute of Management International Conference for our paper on The Mediating Role of Empathy and Resilience in the Mechanism of Inuence of Emotional Intelli- gence on Ethical Decision Making.  Registered Case Study on "Pramukh Swami Maharaj Shatabdi Mahotsav: Service Orientation, People Management and Leadership" at IIM-A. Research Associate at Centre for Innovation in Governance Rashtram School of Public Leadership Literature Review and Content Generation (May 2021 - December 2021)  Compiled distinct human portrayal models encompassing Homo Economicus and Bounded Rationals.  Reviewed libertarian paternalism and the role of choice architecture in inuencing the perception.  Explored the role of Identity in nudging cooperative outcome in Prisoners Dilemma type situations.  Studied how choice of assumptions in empirical inferences can potentially lead to contradictory con- clusions for the same data. Research Assistant with Prof Modibo Sidibe, Duke University 1) School Choice under Imperfect Information (Jan 2020 - August 2020)  Derived informative moments that identies preferences from unobserved consideration using data ranking.  Adopted indirect inference approach to estimate a linear probability model of endogeneous consider- ation sets. 2) Nonparametric Estimation of Risk Aversion  Established the bounds of risk aversion parameter based on moment inequality restrictions.  Designed an estimator that constructs tightest identied regions of risk aversion parameter that sat- ises all moment conditions of an individual in least number of regions. CitiBank, Citicorp Services, Data Analyst Intern Sequential Pattern Mining for Synthetic Credit Card Fraud (May 2018 - July 2018)  Implemented Random Forest, Gradient Boosting Method and Deep Neural Network to capture pat- terns and analyzed their relative performance based on the nature of data.  Implemented Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) Network to identify and capture just the signicant features of sequential data.  Integrated the model into a Blockchain so as to make it secure and facilitate easy collaboration across platforms.  Performed one hot encoding to classify data into a single data type and used Dynamic Programming and Prex Span Sequence algorithm to extract fraud segments. Research Assistant with Prof Rachel Kranton, Duke University (July 2020- November 2020)  Programmed set of surveys in Qualtrics for project ROUSE (Reopen our University Safely and Ef- fectively), oated to all Duke community members to nd their economic, psychological, social and health status during COVID-19 pandemic to assist in making decisions on opening Duke University. Vision India Foundation, Team Member, Public Policy Bootcamp (June 2016- July 2016)  Organizing team member of Public Policy Bootcamp, a month long school in public policy with workshops, eld visits and guest lectures by politicians, bureaucrats, academicians and social activists. PROJECTS Identity and Evolving Preferences Advisor: Prof. Rachel Kranton, Duke University (August 2020 - November 2020)  Articulated and contrasted conventional views on preferences based on phenomenological study.  Studied models which incorporated identity, depicting the process of human decision making.  Presented an alternative comprehensive perspective to model identity.  Documented the scope of eect incorporating the new perspective can have on economics and society. Ecient Police Operations Advisor: Prof. Nomesh Bolia, IIT Delhi (July 2018 - May 2019)  Grid-based Crime Predictions with Geographical Data  Planned a grid based crime prediction model using spatial-temporal information of each grid.  Integrated crime predictions with Patrol Design algorithm for generating real-time Beat plans.  GIS integrated Police Patrol Design including Vehicle Types  Improved emergency response time from 10 to less than 7 minutes, with a maximal coverage.  Algorithm takes into account the type of crime while assigning dierent patrol vehicles.  Designed a weight function that assigns priority to high crime zones with compact beats. Encouraging Innovative Thinking in UK MoD Meetings Advisor: Prof. Mariel Beasley and Prof. Joseph Sherlock, Duke University (August 2020 - November 2020)  Designed behavioral map that captured the behavioral culture at UK MoD.  Identied the key behavioral barriers that restricted innovative thinking.  Proposed Red Team Allotment, Free Your Mind Hour and Anonymous Suggestions as solutions.  Designed experimental testing plan to test the validity of the solution. Eect of Automation Training on User Performance in Flying UAV (March 2020 - April 2020) Advisor: Prof. Mary Cummins, Duke University  Designed sub-research questions and hypotheses that can be tested using the data collected.  Applied combination of Chi-Square, ANOVA and Kruskal-Wallis tests to examine the questions.  Conducted power and sample size analyses and suggested improvements for similar experiments.  Predicted the rationale behind the results and related it to possible complacency with automation. (May 2017 - July 2017) Cooperative Learning through Small Groups Advisor: Prof. Parag Singla, IIT Delhi  Comparitive study of Cooperative, Individualistic and Competitive model of learning.  Study tour to 2 such unconventional schools and designed an integrated model. Government to Consumer Service Deliverance System Advisor: Prof. Jyoti Kumar, IIT Delhi (Aug 2016 - Dec 2016)  Designed a self-sustained system for providing government services in areas with low literacy levels.  Conducted Digital compatibility surveys of Users and pitched the design to State government. PUBLICATIONS  Registered a working paper on Integrated Framework to Resolve Ethical Dilemmas at IIM-A with Prof. Vishal Gupta.  Conference Paper on The Mediating Role of Empathy and Resilience in the Mechanism of Inuence of Emotional Intelligence on Ethical Decision Making with Prof. Vishal Gupta.  Co-author of Registered Case Study on Pramukh Swami Maharaj Shatabdi Mahotsav: Service Ori- entation, People Management and Leadership at IIM-A with Prof. Vishal Gupta. RELEVANT COURSES IIM-Bangalore OBHRM Organizational Behavior, Organizational Theory, Philosophy of Social Science, Behavioral Decision Making Research Methodology Qualitative Research Methodology, Research Methodology and Experiments Others Strategy Content, Entrepreneurship Classics Duke University Economics Behavioral Economics for Municipal Policy, Game Theory, Econometrics, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics Computer Sci. Machine Learning, Articial Intelligence, Computational Economics, Statistical Methods in Experimental Design IIT Delhi Computer Sci. Economics Mathematics Introduction to Automata & Theory of Computation, Data Structure & Algorithms, Discrete Mathematical Structures Indian Economic Problems and Policies, Experimental Methods Numerical Methods and Computation, Linear Algebra, Statistics, Multivariate Statistics, Probability, Calculus, Partial Dierential Equation, Quality Assurance Industrial Engg. Operation Research, Stochastic Modeling & Simulations, Manufacturing System Design Philosophy Karmayoga, Moral Literacy and Moral Choice TECHNICAL STRENGTHS Programming Langauges C, C++, Java, Python, MATLAB, R, SAS, Stata, GNU MathProg, Qualtrics SCHOLASTIC ACHIEVEMENTS  1st Runner Up at K.J.Somaiya Institute of Management International Conference on my paper ti- tled The Mediating Role of Empathy and Resilience in the Mechanism of Inuence of Emotional Intelligence on Ethical Decision Making with Prof. Vishal Gupta.  Amongst top 15 students selected to represent India and IIT Delhi as a Foreign Exchange Student.  One of the ve recipients of Aruna Lal Scholarship, awarded by Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) for having aptitude for scientic research.  Ranked among top 0.27% in national level Joint Entrance Exam (JEE), an exam organized by IIT with more than 1.3 million participants from all over the India.  Recipient of Best All rounder award in school for overall excellence in academic as well as co- curricular activities, bestowed to a student once in 4 years.  Recipient of Duke Economics Masters Scholar Awards granting 60% scholarship on tuition fees. EXTRA-CURRICULUR Before IIT  Certied by Government of India with Visharad Pratham Degree in Indian Classical Singing.  Secured 2nd position in State Chess Championship. At IIT  Coordinated and moderated Manthan, a discussion group on topics of national relevance.  Member of Srijan, a project to engage Munirka slum community through teaching children.  Participated in and organized rural trips for community immersion and exploration.  Championed a full-edged campaign for promoting cashless payments with outreach of 2000 people.  Led hostel as Indoor Sports Representative and nished rst runner up in interhostel competitions. HOBBIES AND INTERESTS Singing, Playing Chess, Indian Philosophy, Reading