SHRUTI SHARMA New Delhi ,India 91-8375095462 ishruti1810@gmail.com Github linkedin Education: Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology, GGSIPU Bachelors of Technology(B.Tech)-Information technology Minor specialization- Machine Learning and data analytics Cgpa-8.5 (2021-2025) Work Experience : Software Developer Intern (Jan2024  Mar2024) InfoBite , WebAuth Technologies Vaishali , Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh.  Undertook the responsibility of designing the main blogging and home pages for companys website, InfoBite.in.  Used my skills of Html, CSS , JavaScript and little bit REACT to give the page a better UI. Technical Skills: Languages : - Java , SQL , HTML , CSS , JavaScript , Python . Developer tools : - VS Code , Eclipse , Git , Github , Jupyter notebook ,Canva. Computer Fundamentals : - Data Structures , Algorithms Analysis , OOPS ,DBMS ,Computer Network ,Operat- ing Systems, Machine learning ,Artificial Intelligence . Projects : Drumkit Game: github (HTML,CSS , JavaScript) The "Drum Kit Game" utilises HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, incorporating functionalities like key listeners for re- sponsive drum sound triggering. Users engage with the virtual drum kit through clicks, exploring rhythmic patterns. House price prediction: (Machine Learning) House price prediction is a machine learning academic project .In this , libraries like numpy, pandas ,sklearn and matplotlib were used. R.m.s.e method used for error detection, regression was the main concept used, random forest method gave the best result. The platform help people to predict the right price of the property depending upon various features. Position of Responsibilities: Etcetera- The Dramatics Society of Gtbit | Social Media Head (July 2022  March 2023) Curated compelling content and cultivated an engaging online community for the societys social me dia handles. Maintain online public relations via social media platforms. BreadBoard Coding Society | Core Member (January 2022  May 2022) Managed Coding Societys events and worked with the management and outreach team for organising differ- ent types of coding contests.