Nikita Kadia Human Resource Generalist Contact Address Bengaluru Phone 8055505633 E-mail nikitakkadia@gmail.com LinkedIn I am a proactive and highly skilled candidate having around 3 years of relevant experience in Human Resource (HR) profile and having skills set like Recruitment, Operations, Performance Management, Events Organizing, Team Building, Administrative Skills and Payroll. I have experience of working in diverse office environments. A team player who works collaboratively and effectively communicates with all levels of staff. Work History 2024-01  HR Generalist 2024-07 RaagviTech, Bengaluru, India  Designing and implementing the overall recruiting strategy linkedin.com/in/nikita-k-19a765159 and sourcing the candidates by using employee referral , Websites, Portfolios, Profiles  linkedin.com/in/nikita-k- 19a765159 Skills Recruitment & Interview Process Operations Performance Review & Management Events Organizing & Management Team Building social media etc. Screening the resumes and arranging the interviews.  Organize training, administering employee benefits and leaves and crafting HR policies.  Using Human Resource Information Systems to ensure all employee records are up-to-date and confidential. And also a main point of contact for employees' queries on HR related topics.  Ensuring the HR department's operations will be running smoothly and effectively to deliver maximum value to the organization as a whole.  Provide support to employees in various HR-related topics such as leaves and compensation and resolve any issues that may arise.  Promote within the organization about the company's policies and procedures and create an efficient and conflict-free workplace.  Completely aware of Employee Performance Appraisal procedures and undertaken tasks around Performance Management.  Enhance job satisfaction by resolving issues promptly and organizing team building activities. Administrative Skills  Conducting Employee on boarding and help plan training Payroll Onboarding and development.  Able to handle/verify payroll related activities (Salary processing, Salary verifying, F&F settlements, etc.)  Handle and support all the employee-related quarries in support with the management (Insurance, team lunch's, organizing events) Analytical & Critical Thinking 2023-05 - HR Recruiter 2023-12 Edumpus/CHEC Knowledge Hub Private Limited, Bengaluru, Talent Management India HR Reporting Skills Negotiations Exit formalities Record Keeping & Documentation  Designing and updating job descriptions  Sourcing potential candidates from various online channels  Screen incoming resumes and application forms  Interview candidates (via phone, video and in person)  Advertise job openings on company's careers page, social media and job boards  Send job offer emails and answer queries about compensation and benefits  Managing recruitment process and end to end joining formalities for new joiners  Providing the payroll inputs to the Finance team every Client Management month Employee and Staff Training & Development Induction Complex Problem Solving Languages English Hindi Gujarati Marathi Education MBA: Human Resource Management - 06-2019 Bharati Vidyapeeth - Pune, India B.Com  06-2017 Savitribai Phule University (Pune University)  Pune, India . 2020-01 - 2020-06 2019-02 - 2020-01 2018-09 - 2019-02 2017-10 - 2018-03 2013-07 - 2016-08 2011-05 - 2013-04  Maintain a pool of candidates to fulfill upcoming requirements  Regularizing the leaves every month and monthly check on undesirable absence/attendance  Organizing induction programs for new joiners and educating employees on company policies  Managing complete exit formalities of the employees including negotiations, documents and full and final settlements  Regularly meet employees for progress reviews and assessments, discussing any problems or grievances they may have  Providing payroll inputs to Accounts team and managing payroll records. HR-Executive Infograins Software Solutions Private Limited HR Officer Operations Erawat Pharma Limited HR-Executive The Equicom Private Limited Executive Front Office & Admin Cradle Runways India Pvt. Ltd. Front Office Executive / Admin Sigma-Byte Computers Pvt. Ltd. Front Office Executive (Receptionist) Sculptor Corporate Solutions Pvt. Ltd.