ALOK RANJAN PERSONAL DETAILS NAME: NATIONALITY: DOB: CONTACT NO: ALOK RANJAN Indian 14 March 1996 9670189394 EMAIL ADDRESS: alokgauravranjansingh@gmail.com SEX: RELIGION: MARITAL STATUS: Married Male Hindu Present address: B-13,POCKET B BLOCK SECTOR-20 NOIDA UP PIN-201301 Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Bhojpuri. CARRIER OBJECTIVE Seeing a challenging position in well-established company that offers professional growth and opportunity to learn and enrich my competencies in my profession.Experienced Senior Manager proficient in managing reporting, budgeting, and compliance areas. Adept at updating and working with executive leadership. Bringing superior skills in planning, negotiation, and complex problem-solving gained over 5.4 years of experience. AREA OF INTEREST Sr.Growth Manager (B2B) (B2C) Supply Chain Management Sales strategies and planning Demand Planning Operations Management Sales and marketing Business Development Negotiation Troubleshooting and problem resolution Business administration Logistics operations management Budget administration Business planning Staff Management SALIENT QUALITIES  Multi-Task Management.  Ability to build brands.  Set a Goals and Develops action plan  Sets Realistic expectation with customers.  Work effectively independently or as part of a team.  Adaptability, Suits to every work environment.  Positive Attitude with Trust and Integrity.  Polite and Patience nature.  Co-operative, Self-motivate, Quick learner.  Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel & Power Point).  Excellent communication skills. ACHIVEMENT  Built good business and relationships with top Brands and Merchants.  Successfully launched 15 Reliance Jiomart stores and run smooth operations across NCR & Kolkata.  Worked as a territory head and recognized as a star performer for 2 years.  Successfully launched new brands, achieved targets, and received incentives.  Successfully achieved company business requirements.  Successfully completed a summer training program held in Mumbai. EXPERIENCE Senior Manager-Sales OperationDUNZO DIGITAL-Delhi (June 2022 to Till now)  Spearheaded brand and customer acquisition initiatives, resulting in revenue growth across F&B, Grocery, and Pharma categories.  Highly-trained in B2B market with in-depth understanding of users requirements gathering and market   trends. Served as a key member of the executive team charged with formulating strategic. Cultivated business partnerships, built a successful pipeline and create new sales opportunities including new large-scale clients. Team Management, Outbound process Implementation & Inbound Process & accuracy.   Warehouse operates at peak efficiency, with customer satisfaction being the primary goal, by supervising. organizing, directing, and training warehouse employees and establishing, monitoring, and managing operation goals. Evaluated hiring and promotions requests to maintain appropriate staffing requirements. Managed rider base engagement through app banners, push notifications, YouTube, and influencer videos. Introduced new systems, tools, and processes to achieve challenging objectives.     Analyzed revenue distribution, bank reconciliations, analysis documents for month-end closing.  Consolidated vendors and renegotiated contracts to optimize costs.  Recommended and implemented successful strategies to maximize revenue. Senior Associate ManagerMAGICPIN-(Noida,Delhi) (Jan 2022 to May 2022)  Achieved growth and hit sales targets by successfully managing the sales team.  Designed and implemented sales plans and growth strategies to increase sales.  Address customer inquiries about products and services offered.   Revenue generation in various categories like F&B ,Grocery,Pharma.  Provide coaching ,mentoring and immediate troubleshoot support to a team composed of 20+ account.  Oversaw different business development initiatives to improve the companys annual sales volume Identify potential customers and build strong relationship with existing customers successfully.  Hit and exceeded sale KPIs and established relationship with key customer and identified new opportunities. Territory Business Manager  ZYDUS HEALTHCARE LTD- Bangalore General Segment (Jul 2019 to Jan 2022)  Covered North-South Bangalore corporate hospital & Institutions.  Launched Covid products in Bangalore.  Organizing various camps and activities for the Gastroenterologists.  Created a market space for the brands and establish them. Business Officer  INDIABULLS PHARMACEUTICALS- Bangalore Nexpira Segment (Oct 2018 to Jun 2019)  Covered North Bangalore corporate hospital & Institutions.  Covered segments like Pulmonologist, ENT & Pediatrician.  Scientific presentation about the product in webinar, CME, Others activity.  Provided advice about health issues, symptoms & medications in response to Customer Enquiries.  Identified and establish new business leads.  Taking feedback from KOL customers about product and suggestion.  Built and maintaining professional relationship with doctor. EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND  Bachelor in Pharmacy from KLE College Of Pharmacy, Bangalore in 2018 with 2nd division.  Intermediate from Uttar Pradesh CBSE board in year 2013 with 1st division.  High School from Arunachal Pradesh CBSE board in year 2010 with 1st division. SUMMARY Accomplished Sr. Growth Manager bringing 3.5 years of track record of success, improving sales and growing company customers base through effective program management & Strategic planning. DECLARATION I hereby declare that the information furnished above is correct to best of my knowledge. ALOK RANJAN