VAIBHAV GUPTA (+91)-9005930555 | vaigupta.0311@gmail.com | LinkedIn EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Year 2016-2017 2012-2016 2011 2009 Degree M. Tech - Civil Engineering B. Tech - Civil Engineering Class XII (ISC) Class X (ICSE) Institute/School IIT, Kanpur IIT, Kanpur CMS Gomti Nagar, Lucknow CMS Gomti Nagar, Lucknow CPI / % 9.2/10 8.3/10 90% 92.2% PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Credit Suisse, ENO-Model Risk Management(MRM) (July17-June18) CCAR PPNR Model Validations      Conducted full validations along with targeted and periodic reviews of various securitised products PPNR regression models for CCAR submissions as per BASEL framework. Carried out single-factor and multi-factor statistical analysis using 28 macroeconomic factors to validate revenue drivers idiosyncrasy. Validated all the OLS assumptions, performed Stress testing, sensitivity analysis, In-sample and Out-of- sample back-testing, calibration and discrimination testing, through statistical data analysis. Challenged model design via benchmarking and validated various business and nancial assumptions applying sound economic intuition. Diligently conducted BAU processes of maintaining inventory, model risk tiering and materiality assessment, assessing action closure materials, communicating with Audit and addressing their ndings, etc. Model Quality Review for CCAR   Set Model review standards and implemented them for 8 regression models for FEDs CCARs yearly audit based on SR 11-7 guidelines. Communicated with the respective model validators and model developers for resolution of all gaps found in quality parameters set. Scenario Expansion Model Validation    Examined the expansion of scenarios for 51 independent variables using the FEDs Macroeconomic factors. Analysed results of statistical and permformance tests performed for each independent variable. Independently carried out seasonality tests, inuential points and structural break analysis to verify robustness of models. Training and Campus Hiring   Participated in extensive training, including 30-day nance bootcamp. Conducted 2 knowledge sharing sessions within team on models. Assisted team in campus hiring programme and conducted training of 30 new joiners. TECHNICAL SKILLS    Softwares: PostgreSQL, Python, Excel, Tableau, pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, MS Ofce, LaTeX, HTML/CSS. Statistics: Linear and Logistic Regression, OLS testing, Lasso and Ridge regression, ARIMA, ACF/PACF plots Finance: Greeks, Black-Scholes, Put-call parity, BOPM, PD/LGD/EAD, VaR, Expected shortfall, Fixed Income. PROJECTS & INTERNSHIP Project: Data analytics of YouTube comments and likes (Mar24-Apr24) Implemented the Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) pipeline for Youtube data of various category of channels. Performed Exploratory Data analysis(EDA) through sentiment analytics, wordcloud and emoji analysis. Gained Business insight by regressing features of YouTube title with number of views and likes.    MTech Thesis: Use of topological indicies for mapping bitumen-pollutant interactions (May16-July17) Characterised bitumen using mathematical topological indices like Wiener index, Harary index, etc.   Modelled the mechanism of chemical interaction of bitumen and PAH pollutants through linear regression. Trip Distribution: Unication of the Gravity-Opportunity Model (Jan16- Apr16)   Critiqued on the trip distribution models including growth factor method, gravity and opportunity model. Developed a new model by integration of Gravity and Opportunity Model to improve their efciency. LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Marketing Executive, ENACTUS IITK (Aug13-14)  Initiated Project Agaaz in which skilling of women was done to make paper products from waste paper.  Marketed the products made through various methods like e-commerce, guerrilla marketing at Antaragni, etc. Miscellaneous  Mridaksh, Antaragni13 : Led a team of 10 members in successfully organising the personality hunt event.   Undertook 1 year training at NCC at 2-UPCTR in Parading, Target shooting and Camping. Sports: Won inter-hall badminton competition and part of inter-hall Rubiks cube winning team. CAREER GAP   Took a career break after the Credit Suisse experience to prepare for UPSC CSE examination. Qualied for the CSE interview 3 times missing the nal selection by a few marks i.e. in the 99.8 percentile.