Disha Goel +91 9368543800 | dishagoel083@gmail.com | linkedin | Github Education Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering KIET Group of Institutions affiliated to Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University Intermediate CBSE, percentage: 94% High School CBSE, percentage: 97.2% Work and Internships 2021 - 2025 CGPA: 8.8 2021 2019 Full Stack Web Development Intern EY Global Delivery Services in collaboration with AICTE Feb 2024 - Apr 2024 Link  Completed a 6-week internship as part of the Next Gen Employability Program 2023-24, focusing on Full Stack Web Development.  Designed and developed a robust online voting application from scratch using the Django framework.  Implemented features such as user authentication, candidate management, voting interface and results display. Technical Skills Programming Languages: C, C++, Javascript,Python,SQL Concepts: Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA), Object Oriented Programming (OOPS), DataBase Management Systems (DBMS), Operating Systems(OS). Developer Skills: Django, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, Git, Github, React , UI/UX , Figma, Visual Studio Projects F.R.I.E.N.D.S | HTML,CSS, Javascript, ReactJS , Firebase Firestore, Firebase Authentication June 2024  Developed a fully functional chat application with real-time messaging capabilities.  Used Firebase Firestore to store and retrieve chat messages in real time.  Implemented user authentication system allowing users to register and log in securely. Online Voting App | Python ,Django ,HTML ,CSS ,Bootstrap,PostgreSQL, Javascript March 2024  Implemented full-stack solutions using Django to develop the core functionalities of the online voting app.  Designed and optimized the database schema using PostgreSQL, ensuring efficient storage and retrieval of voter information while maintaining data integrity. Position of responsibilties Google Developer Student Clubs Coordinator May 2022 - Present KIET  Led a diverse team of members in planning and executing technical projects and events.  Facilitated collaboration and communication within the team to ensure successful project outcomes.  Organized workshops, hackathons, and meetups to foster learning and skill development among club members. Certification  Python Programming Master Course  Introduction to SQL (SimpliLearn) Achievements  Secured 5th rank in Computer Science and Engineering Department with 8.8 CGPA.  Solved 250+ questions on Leetcode and GFG.