Aetesh Chagantipati  chaetesh | (cid:239) aeteshch | # chaetesh@gmail.com | H +91 9502848354 Work Experience MERN Stack Developer Intern Feb 2023 - Apr 2023  Contributed at Sarvmatre International Pvt Ltd by developing an e-Commerce website using Micro- Frontend Architecture. 88  Engineered RESTful services to support payment gateways, product catalogs, and authentication. 88 Projects Trading Application  Developed a ReactJS-based paper trading platform to simulate stock trading with virtual funds, offering a risk-free environment. Integrated portfolio management and transaction history to track progress.  Incorporated TradingView APIs to deliver a real-time stock trading experience. 88 Prompt Sharing Website nextjs-prompts.vercel.app  Built a website using NextJS, leveraging its full-stack capabilities to construct both the intuitive frontend experience and the robust backend API, enabling seamless user interaction and data management. 88 Blockchain Medical DataExchange  Created a decentralized data marketplace enabling patients to securely share and monetize their medical information with researchers and various entities.  Designed a decentralized marketplace for sharing patients health data using smart contracts and IPFS- based data storage, ensuring 100% data security and integrity. thequrancompetition.com Quiz Competetion  Designed and launched a web application as a freelancer through the Upwork platform. Collaborated with the client regularly and delivered high-quality results, achieving a 100% client satisfaction rate.  Uilized React Redux and Integrated third-party libraries and APIs to enhance the websites function- ality, such as incorporating Razorpay payment gateway. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech(Computer Science Engineering) at SRM University, AP (GPA: 8.4/10) Skills Programming Languages JavaScript, Python, C, C++, Java, Bash Frameworks and Technologies HTML, CSS, React JS, Node JS, Next JS, Express, MongoDB, Tailwind- Blockchain Development DevOps Achievements CSS, Firebase Solidity, Hardhat, Web3, Ethers JS Ansible, Terraform , Git, AWS, Docker, Kubernetes  Active Member of NextTech Lab, SRM University. Secured First Prize in the 9hacks Hackathon.  Engaged in Unfold 23, acquiring deep insights and hands-on experience in blockchain development.  Enhanced the Catoff-Reclaim Open Source Project by implementing the Amazon Seller integration.  Earned the AWS Cloud Technical Essentials certification from Coursera with 100% grade.