HEMA NAGA SAI TATIKONDA +91-7207821471 | tatikondahema@gmail.com | Hema Tatikonda | Hemanagasaitatikonda EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology BTech - Information Technology , CGPA : 8.68 EXPERIENCE Internpe Web Developer Chennai, TN May 2021 - May 2025 May 2023  June 2023 Virtual Mode  Developed an employee registration website with a feature of adding and updating existing details.  Developed a full-stack web application using ReactJS, NodeJS, and MySQL.  Collaborated with a team of four and sent daily reports, improving team efciency by 20%. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Java, C Language Database: MySQL, MongoDB Development: React.js, Node.js Developer Tools: GitHub, VS Code, Visual Studio, IntelliJ, Eclipse, Figma Other: Operating System, Computer Networks PROJECTS Tourism In India | ReactJS, NodeJs, MongoDB May 2023  June 2023  Developed a dynamic and user-friendly tourism portal using ReactJS for the frontend, Node.js for the backend, and MongoDB for the database, enabling seamless information access for travelers.  Leveraged MongoDB Cloud to optimize data storage for both users and their blogs, resulting in a 30% reduction in data retrieval latency.  Integrated user authentication and authorization using JWT, ensuring secure access to personalized travel information and user-generated content. Mavenmall | ReactJS, NodeJs Aug 2023  Sep 2023  Employed composite indexing and query plan optimization, resulting in a 25% decrease in query execution time, facilitating agile customization.  Engineered secure user authentication and registration features, blog classication, and CRUD operations on blog posts with a performance score of 85.  Developed and integrated a comprehensive product catalog and shopping cart system, enhancing the e-commerce functionality and user shopping experience. Sharerooms | ReactJS, NodeJs, MongoDB Aug 2023  Sep 2023  Employed composite indexing and query plan optimization, resulting in a 25% decrease in query execution time, facilitating agile customization.  Engineered secure user authentication and registration features, blog classication, and CRUD operations on blog posts with a performance score of 85.  Implemented a time-based room booking system, allowing users to easily book, manage, and cancel room reservations with real-time availability updates. CERTIFICATES Web Development Bootcamp | UDEMY CCNA1 and CCNA2 | NETACAD Introduction to Frontend | COURSERA ACHIEVEMENTS 1. Achieved 10/10 points in JAVA Language under ICSE board 2. 2nd Runner Up in TechSumit001 at SRM College 3. Gained more than 300+ bronze medals on Skillrack 4. Organized a technical event named DUO DEVELOPERS in National Level Technical Symposium TROJENS23