SHRUTI KOTHARI 9309585315 , Shrutikothari2026@gmail.com, Pune OBJECTIVE Recent graduate with strong analytical and problem-solving skills, seeking an entry-level position to leverage my knowledge and contribute to the teams success. Eager to learn and grow in a dynamic and collaborative environment. EDUCATION Master of Computer Application, Trinity Academy of Engineering, Pune Bachelor of Computer Science, Amravati University HSC, Amravati University (1st year) 78.45 , Expected 2025 75.64 64.31 SKILLS Technical Skills Soft Skills Data Visualization Tools Python, Numpy, DBMS, SQL. Excel, Analytical Thinking, Communication , Teamwork and Collaboration. Tableau, Power BI. INTERNSHIP Data Science Acmegrade Mar-April 24 Pune  Conducted data cleaning and preprocessing for large datasets using Python, ensuring high-quality input for analytical processes.  Designed and implemented interactive dashboards using Tableau, facilitating real-time data visualization.  Developed a predictive model to forecast monthly sales for a retail business using historical sales data and various external factors. COURSES Google Data Analyst Certificate :  I learned essential techniques such as data cleaning, statistical analysis, and data visualization using tools like Tableau and Google Data Studio.  Additionally, I gained proficiency in spreadsheet manipulation in Excel and Google Sheets, SQL querying for database analysis, and basic programming in R. Masterclass in Python :  Familiarity with popular Python libraries such as pandas, numpy, and matplotlib .Proficiency in Python syntax and data structures. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  National Service Schema Participant (Organized health camps, blood donation drives, and cleanliness campaigns in local communities). 2019,2021,2024.  Solving puzzles (Sudoku), Traveling and exploring new places and Adventure sports (hiking, rock climbing).  Participation in varsity or intramural sports in College Fest and Participated in cultural festivals. PROJECT  Alumni Connect to TAE : Alumni System for Student enabling current students to connect with alumni for networking, mentorship, and career guidance. The application features user registration, profile management, search functionality, and a messaging system, all built using Python and MySQL