SARVAGYA MISHRA Prayagraj - 211011, Uttar Pradesh, India (+91) 9336883569| sarvagyamishradlh@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/sarvagya-mishra Enthusiastic and driven graduate seeking an opportunity to kick-start a rewarding career. Equipped with a solid grasp of Object-Oriented Programming, Front-end technologies, Computer science fundamentals, acquired through rigorous coursework and hands-on projects. I am committed to embracing new challenges, learning from setbacks, and continuously evolving as a software engineer and to make meaningful contributions to the success of the team and the organization. Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology M V Convent , Prayagraj Senior Secondary Examination Bishop Johnson School , Prayagraj Secondary Examination Experience 2021-2025 2019-2020 2017-2018 Web Development Intern at Internshala  Developed responsive e-commerce website with React.js. Implemented Node.js, optimized SEO/performance.  Improved project efficiency by 20%, resolved API issues, and created documentation.  Utilized HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git. Projects E-Commerce Site  Managed end-to-end operations of an e-commerce platform, ensuring seamless functionality and a positive user experience. Utilized a combination of technical expertise and strategic thinking to drive online sales and enhance customer satisfaction.  User Experience Enhancement: Led the redesign of the website's interface, incorporating responsive design principles and improving navigation, leading to a 25% reduction in bounce rates. Offering cost-effective solutions for diverse industries. SMS Spam Classifier  Developed a machine learning model for SMS spam detection using Python and scikit-learn, achieving an accuracy of over 95% on a labeled dataset.  Engineered a real-time SMS filtering system utilizing natural language processing techniques and regular expressions to classify incoming messages as spam or legitimate, reducing spam exposure by 80% allowing seamless integration with existing communication platforms and providing robust spam filtering capabilities to users. Skills Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js,ReactJS, Data Structures and Algorithms, Machine Learnings, Databases.