Resume Kartik Gupta Contact Information Kartik Gupta +91-7289093848 guptakartik090403@gmail.com B.Tech. CSE Manipal University, Jaipur(3rd Year) Profile A keen interest in coding with skills in software develop- ment and computer science through active participation in coding events and projects. Aiming to acquire a re- sponsible position that would help gain experience and expand knowledge and skills. Skills  Programming Languages: C, Java, Python, CSS, HTML  Tools and Technologies: Microsoft Office, Data Analysis, Database Management, OS, SQL Certificates  C: Structured Programming: Completion certifi- cate  Java Certification Course: The Complete Java Certification Course  Red Hat System Administration 2: Certificate of Attendance  Oracle Database Foundations: Certificate of Course Completion  Cisco Networking Academy: Certificates of Course Completion  NPTEL Course: Elite tier Certificate for comple- tion and passing of Design And Analysis of Algo- rithm Projects  Cricket World Cup Database Created a Cricket World Cup Database using SQL to store and manage information related to teams, players, matches, and statistics. Designed to sup- port queries for match schedules, player perfor- mance, and team standings.  Temperature Converter Developed a Temperature Converter using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to convert temper- atures between Celsius, Fahrenheit, and Kelvin. The converter provides a user-friendly interface with real-time conversion updates, developing the front end.  Role of AI in Healthcare Researched and authored a paper on the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in healthcare. Ex- plored AI applications such as disease prediction, medical image analysis, and personalized treat- ment planning. Discussed the impact of AI on improving patient outcomes, reducing healthcare costs, and addressing healthcare disparities.  Bangalore House Prediction Developed a prediction model predicting Banga- lore house prices based on machine learning and data science.  Research Paper on Surveillance using GAIT Patterns and Machine Learning Researched and authored a paper on the possibil- ity of using GAIT patterns of people for surveil- lance using Machine Learning. Education  Seth Anandram Jaipuria School, Ghazi- abad CBSE Board Examinations Grade 10th - 91%, Grade 12th - 95.0% (2007- 2021)  Bank Account Management System Developed a Bank Account Management System in Java. Implemented features include account creation, deposit, withdrawal, and balance in- quiry.  Manipal University, Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Acquired 8.03 CGPA till 5th semester (2021-2025) 1 Experience  Graebert India,Noida(May - July 2023)  HyTechPro,Noida(June - July 2024) Desktop Development Intern. Conducted re- search on creating setup from Python files and creating/installing Python packages. Designed numerous samples using tkinter and pyautocad. Salesforce AI Engineering Intern. Created AI based prediction models and automated chatbots using Salesforce. 2