Shubham Kadam Data Analyst  9653696062  shubhamdiwakarkadam@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/shubham-kadam-236478233 SKILLS Programming Languages: Databases: BI & Visualization Tools: Soft Skills: PROJECTS Python (Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib), R, HTML, CSS MS SQL Server Power BI, MS Office Multitasking, Observation, Decision making. Sales Data Analysis and Visualization  Performed data cleaning and preprocessing on a sales dataset with 11,000+ entries using Python (Pandas, NumPy).  Conducted exploratory data analysis (EDA) to uncover insights; visualized gender distribution of purchases and total spending.  Analyzed purchasing patterns by age group, marital status, occupation, and state using Seaborn and Matplotlib.  Enabled data-driven decision-making by presenting findings effectively. Credit Card Transaction and Customer Report Dashboard  Developed an interactive Power BI dashboard for real-time insights into credit card transactions and customer behavior.  Optimized data processing for improved performance monitoring and data refresh rates.  Analyzed revenue and transaction trends for financial forecasting; identified usage patterns by transaction methods.  Delivered actionable insights to stakeholders to enhance customer service and identify growth opportunities. Pricewise  Developed an e-commerce product scraping site using Next.js and Bright Data's webunlocker.  Designed to assist users in making informed decisions by notifying them when a product drops in price.  Implemented functionality to alert competitors when the product is out of stock, managed through cron jobs. WORK EXPERIENCE Unified Mentor Private Limited  Data Analyst Intern  Gathered and cleaned data from various sources to ensure accuracy and completeness for analysis.  Created interactive dashboards and reports using Power BI to visualize data trends and findings.  Developed and tracked KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business strategies. CSRBOX - Web development Virtual internship Remote Jun 2024  July 2024 Remote Mumbai Jun 2023 - July 2023  Developed and maintained web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to enhance user experience.  Utilized Git for version control and participated in code reviews to ensure code quality and consistency. EDUCATION A C Patil College Of Engineering, BE in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Government Polytechnic Mumbai, Diploma in Computer Engineering INTERESTS Gaming, Hiking, Learning Languages (currently learning Japanese) 2021- 2024 7.4 cgpa 2018-2021 74.80 %