AVINASH PANDEY Information Technology Undergraduate (cid:140) Portfolio avinash.pandey8900@gmail.com (cid:211) 97 9326 5852 (cid:135) Avinash Pandey Kanpur, India Avinash Pandey SUMMARY I am enthusiastic about leveraging my skills in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to craft immersive user experiences. With foundational knowledge in React, Node.js, Mon- goDB, and AWS, I am eager to delve deeper into full- stack development. SKILLS Languages: React, SQL, Python, JavaScript, HTML, Node JS, C++, C. Technologies: Bootstrap, Django, Angular, Hadoop, Symfony, Search Engine Optimization. PROJECTS Front-End Node.js Data Science RSS EDUCATION Portfolio Website Portfolio The portfolio is created using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap. It is a basic portfolio website with some of my achievements and projects mentioned in it. Weather Weather App The seamless and visually pleasing user interface (UI) of this app plays a significant role in enhancing the user experience. It provides a responsive UI to the user. Sales Insights Used for sales analysis that gives the customer a dashboard to assess sales and improve the business. Sales-Insights News Reader RSS Reader RSS creates a syndication of sources that allows the user to chronologically filter news from various sources of their choice and read them. 12/2020 - 6/2024 Pranveer Singh Institute Of Technology Bachelors in Information Technology 4/2019 - 4/2020 Mother India Intermediate School Intermediate 4/2017 - 4/2018 Mother India School High School CERTIFICATES 4/2023 Programming Fundamentals using Python - Part 1 and Part 2  Basics of Python  Third-party modules to basics of Data Structures and algorithms 6/2023 Introduction to Front-End Development By Meta  The benefits of working with UI frameworks.  Distinguish between front-end, back-end, and full-stack developers School School School Infosys Coursera 1/2024 Meta Back-End Developer Professional Certificate Coursera  Learned to use programming systems including Python Syntax, Linux commands, Git, SQL, Version Con- trol, Cloud Hosting, APIs, JSON, XML, and more  Gain the technical skills required to become a qualified back-end developer 3/2024 Search Engine Optimization Certificate  Gain knowledge about technical aspects of website optimization, friendliness, crawlability, site structure, and URL structure Udemy including website speed, mobile-  Understand how user experience factors such as page load speed, mobile responsiveness, and navigation impact SEO performance and user engagement LANGUAGES English - B2+, Hindi - native