Bhavya Shrivastava bhavya05.bs@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub Skills  Machine Learning: Pandas | Numpy | Sci-Kit Learn |Recommender Systems | Sentiment Analysis | Linear Regression | Logistic Regression | KNN | SVM | Decision tree | Random Forest  Data Visualization: Excel, Google Sheets, Matplotlib  Python | C++ | C | Java | Power BI| AWS(Beginners Level) | Data Structures and Algorithms | Canva Experience Tata Motors | Summer Intern May 2024 - August 2024  At Tata Motors, I was an integral part of the Commercial Vehicle Business Unit (CVBU) team, where I contributed to monitoring and analyzing driver behavior based on various user inputs. My responsibilities included leveraging Power BI and AWS to manipulate and process large datasets, ensuring the integrity and accuracy of the information we collected.  By employing advanced data analytics and machine learning techniques, I helped develop insights that informed driver safety protocols and performance enhancements. Our team's efforts were pivotal in identifying patterns and trends in driver behavior, ultimately leading to the implementation of data-driven strategies that improved overall operational efficiency and safety standards.  This role honed my skills in data analysis, cloud computing, and collaborative problem-solving within a fast-paced, technology-driven environment. Projects RecenSage | Tech Stack used: SVM, Decisiontree, Random Forest, Logistic Regression, Recommendation System  This project integrates SVM, Decision Tree, Random Forest, and Logistic Regression models for restaurant rating prediction, offering a comprehensive analysis of their effectiveness.  In addition to rating prediction, the project incorporates content filtering based on user preferences such as cuisine type and location, enhancing the relevance of restaurant recommendations. This was done in Zomato Dataset.  Furthermore, a similar analytical approach was applied to the Amazon dataset for product recommendations, demonstrating the versatility and robustness of the models across different domains. Sentiment Analysis | Tech Stack used: VADER and RoBERTa  In this project, I conducted an in-depth analysis of reviews for various Amazon products utilizing two distinct techniques: the VADER approach and the RoBERTa (Robust optimized BERT approach) pre-trained model.  The primary objective was to evaluate and compare the efficiency and effectiveness of these two sentiment analysis methods in interpreting and categorizing the sentiments expressed in the reviews.. Movie Recommendation System | Tech Stackused: Demographic Filtering, Content Filtering , Genre and Keyword Filtering  Developed a personalized movie recommendation system using machine learning algorithms, specifically collaborative and content- based filtering, to analyze user behavior, movie attributes, and ratings.  Implemented data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model training with Python and libraries like sci-kit-learn and pandas. Matrix factorization and cosine similarity were used to compute movie similarities and generate accurate recommendations.  Conducted extensive evaluation and testing to ensure the system's efficiency and accuracy Mental Health Website | Tech Stack used: HTML, CSS.  Created a multipage Blogging Website on Mental Health. It contains many related blogs on this topic and provides solutions to various mental health problems. It's like a one-stop location for all the problems that you face in your day-to-day life.  Enhanced website responsiveness using advanced HTML tags, attributes, and CSS techniques like Box Shadowing and margin collapse. BookMarked | Tech Stackused: HTML, CSS  Created a multipage Blogging Website for the Book reader Community. It contains one blog for each book or novel.  Used various HTML Tags, lists, Attributes, and CSS concepts like Box Shadowing, Box model, and margin collapse to make this website fully Responsive. Education Bachelor of Technology Information Technology CGPA:-8.53 Manipal University, Jaipur Jaipuri, India 2021-2025 CBSE (Class 12) Scored 83% in Grade 12. ICSE Scored 90% in Grade 10. Pratibha International School Pune, India 2019-2021 PIS, Pimpri Pune, India 2019 Courses  Python for Data Science and Machine Learning Bootcamp by Jose Portilla | Platform: Udemy Certificate link: Python Certificate Link  Machine Learning A-Z, AI, python and R+ by Kirill Eremenko | Platform: Udemy Certificate link: Machine Learning Certificate  Mastering Data Structures and Algorithms by Abdul Bari | Platform: Udemy Certificate Link: Data Structure Link  Complete C++Developer Course by John P. Baugh | Udemy Certificate Link: C++ Developer Link  Microsoft Power BI Desktop for Business Intelligence by Chris Dutton, Aaron Patty | Platform: Udemy Certificate Link: Power BI Certificate Link  Predictive analysis at Manipal University, Jaipur  Image Processing at Manipal University ,Jaipur Positions of Responsibility Junior Working Committee | IEEE-WIE  In my freshman year of college, I assumed a role within the Junior Committee of the IEEE Women in Engineering (WIE) organization.  Collaborating closely with my fellow IEEE members, I played an active role in the meticulous organization and coordination of dynamic and engaging festivals.  These events fostered community spirit and highlighted the achievements of women in engineering. This experience honed my organizational and leadership abilities and reinforced my commitment to promoting diversity and excellence in the engineering field. Core Working Committee | Oneiros  I had the privilege of serving on the working committee for "Oneiros," the foremost and most illustrious cultural festival in Rajasthan.  This role enabled me to further refine my organizational and leadership skills while making a significant contribution to the success of this prestigious event.