PALLAVI SHENGARPWAR pallavishengarpwar10034@gmail.com | 91-9923774425 | WWW.LINKEDIN.COM/IN/PALLAVI-SHENGARPWAR-A3A14825B/ Education Dr. D Y Patil Institute of Technology, Pune  BTech Skills 2018 - 2022 SQL | Python | Excel | Data Analysis| Looker Studio | Tableau | Power BI | Visualization| Presentation| Communication| Website Analytics | Google Analytics (GA4) | Statistics| Machine Learning Work Experience Merkle | Analyst  Bengaluru Projects Project 5 Marketing Analytics Bio-Pharmaceutical Client Aug22 - Present Jun24  Utilizing analytics to derive actionable insights from marketing campaigns, focusing on optimizing ROI and identifying key drivers of customer engagement.  Working closely with cross-functional teams to align marketing strategies with business objectives, ensuring cohesive and impactful campaign execution. TOOLS: GA4, Looker Studio, Excel, MS PowerPoint Project 4 Media Analytics for a Multi-National Pharmaceutical Client Dec23    Account Setup: Set up the account from scratch and collaborated with stakeholders on business decisions.  Led the processes of data collection, monthly and quarterly reporting, and KPI analysis, ensuring comprehensive and accurate data management. Engaged with clients to discuss and understand their business questions, ensuring that KPI analysis was aligned with their strategic goals. Took the lead in creating client-focused media performance dashboards for over 70 different brands, enhancing the decision-making process. Played a pivotal role in communicating media effectiveness on conversions, which led to a significant 20% increase in conversions.  TOOLS: GA4, Looker Studio, Excel, MS PowerPoint ACHIEVEMENTS: Recognized and awarded by clients and the India team for handling and streamlining brand-specific dashboards for the client. Project 3 Reporting and Cost Analysis for a Pharmaceutical Client Jun23  Analyzed the impact of marketing channels on conversions relative to media spend, identifying which channels provided the best return on investment.  Offered targeted optimization suggestions to improve the effectiveness of different marketing channels.  Developed a comprehensive, client-focused Tableau dashboard to understand media effectiveness through cost analysis, enabling the  client to make data-driven decisions. Created a robust data check process to ensure accuracy and reliability in cost analysis, streamlining data validation and anomaly detection. TOOLS: Big Query, Tableau, Excel Project 2 Dashboarding and Multi Touch Attribution for a Pharmaceutical Client  Analyzed customer touchpoints to assess the impact of marketing channels on conversions.  Wrote SQL queries to streamline the data check process, identifying anomalies and discrepancies.   Managed dashboards to check on data quality and analyze customer touchpoints. Played an important role in maintaining data accuracy through rigorous QA processes. TOOLS: Big Query, Jupyter Notebook, Looker studio, Tableau ACHIEVEMENTS: Showcased Looker studio to wider India team across different projects as a case study. Feb23 Project 1 Migration of Reports from UA to GA4 for a Toy Store Client  Collaborated closely with a senior team member to educate the client on the differences between Universal Analytics and GA4, Nov22 ensuring they understood the new system and its capabilities.  Engaged in generating visualizations and reports to effectively communicate the delta in values and insights to stakeholders, making the data transition smooth and transparent.  Implemented robust data validation techniques to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the migrated data, minimizing discrepancies and ensuring a seamless transition.  Facilitated regular meetings and presentations with stakeholders to discuss progress, address concerns, and provide training on GA4 functionalities and best practices. TOOLS: GA4, UA, MS PowerPoint