SRIKANTH V (cid:131) +91 9710446566 # srikanthv.aids2021@citchennai.net (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/Srikanth V  github.com/SrikanthV EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science September 2021  May 2025 Chennai, Tamil Nadu EXPERIENCE Home Plan Guru Full Stack Developer Intern July 2023  August 2023 Chennai, Tamil Nadu  Developed and maintained web applications using JavaScript, React, and Node.js.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design and implement user-friendly interfaces.  Conducted code reviews and implemented best practices to enhance application performance and security. Udemy Front End Developer Intern June 2023  July 2023 Chennai, Tamil Nadu  Developed and maintained web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React for front-end.  Designed and implemented RESTful APIs using Node.js and Express for back-end functionality.  Managed databases with MongoDB, ensuring data integrity and performance. PROJECTS Gym App | React.js, RapidAPI March 2024  Developed a gym app using React and RapidAPI to provide targeted exercises for specific muscle groups.  Implemented a user-friendly interface that allows users to search and filter exercises based on muscle group, ensuring personalized workout plans.  Integrated external APIs to fetch exercise data and display detailed descriptions, images, and videos for each exercise. Real Chat App | React.js, FireBase April 2024  Built a real-time ChatApp using React and Firebase, enabling instant messaging between users.  Integrated Firebase for backend functionality, including real-time database updates, user authentication, and data storage.  Designed a responsive user interface with features like message notifications, user presence indicators, and seamless user experience across devices. Home Rental App | React.js, MongoDB, Express.js May 2024  Developed a Home Rental application using React, MongoDB, and Express.js to recommend houses based on location and user preferences.  Implemented a recommendation engine that filters and suggests rental properties tailored to users specific needs and geographic areas.  Created a dynamic and responsive interface that allows users to search, view detailed property listings, and contact landlords seamlessly. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript  Database: MySQL,MongooDB  Frontend: React.js  Version control: Git, GitHub  Backend: Express.js, Node.js  Operating Systems: Linux, Mac CERTIFICATES  Introduction Cyber Security Essentials(CISCO)  Introduction to RPA and Automation(UIPATH)  Introduction to Networks(CISCO)  Responsive website Basics : code with HTML ,CSS and JAVASCRIPT: (Coursera) CODING PROFILE  LeetCode: Solved 150+ problems  SkillRack: Solved 250+ problems, 95 Bronze medals