Mohammedaasif8341@gmail.com Md Aasif June '23  July23 SUMMARY TRAINING A graduate with a strong educational foundation in BTech CSE. Eager to enter and contribute a dynamic team. Possess excellent communication, problem-solving, and adaptability skills. A quick learner with a strong work ethic, and committed to continuously delivering improving. Seeking an opportunity to gain practical experience a successful career. results launch and and TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming languages: Java, C, C++, Python Web Languages: HTML5, CSS, Javascript Data Management: MySQL, Tableau Platforms: Linux, Window11 CERTIFICATES Data Science Course | GeeksForGeeks | July '23 Python, DBMS | ISSO Certified Associate | Nov '21 Data Science Summer Training GeeksForGeeks Technologies | Noida, IN Data Science      Detected and tracked bugs and inconsistencies in the field of Data Analysis. Assisted the technical and business staff with the design, development, testing, implementation, and maintenance of new programs using-Collab on a weekly basis. Performed automated and manual tests to ensure the software created by developers is up to date and working seamlessly. Gained hands-on experience in developing, implementing, and maintaining the projects based on python, data analysis, DBMS and Machine Learning applications. Facilitated the creation of comprehensive documentation and instructional materials for Python-based projects, aiding in knowledge dissemination and team collaboration. PROJECTS Sentimental Analysis Domain: EDA in Python | Programming Languages: Python Sep'23    Proficient in utilizing Python libraries including NumPy, pandas, and seaborn to conduct comprehensive data analysis on 1000+ movies. Enhanced code to ensure error-free performance and optimize functionality. Leveraged statistical methods and visualization techniques to communicate findings effectively. Blood Bank Website Domain: Web Application | Programming Languages: HTML, JavaScript, CSS July'22    Spearheaded the development and deployment of an intuitive online platform facilitating donor registration Implemented user-centric features aimed at optimizing the registration journey, thereby fostering increased engagement and bolstering the donor database. Enhanced code functionality, resulting in the identification and rectification of errors, contributing to an error-free system. ACHIEVEMENTS EXTRA CURRICULAR 5 Star rating in Java on Hacker Earth ...ACTIVITIES 4 Star Rating in Python on Hacker Rank Jan '23 - Mar '23 Feb '22 - Apr '22    Participated in hackathon | Feb23 Participated in Inter- hostel Competition of sports | Dec'22 Participated in competition on Essay writing | Mar22 EDUCATION B.Tech. in Computer Science with a Major in Data Science Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, IN Since Sep'21 CGPA 8.16 Higher Secondary Timpany School | Andhra Pradesh, IN 95% Jun 19 - Mar '21