VAGMI +91-6397332261 | vagmi09@gmail.com | LinkedIn Profile | Leetcode Profile | GitHub Profile With proficiency in C++, Cloud, Networking, and Database Management. I am dedicated to staying up to date with the latest development technologies. I possess strong interpersonal skills and am committed to fostering a positive and inclusive team environment. Fluent in English and French, I can effectively communicate with diverse clients and team members. I am seeking opportunities to enhance my skills and contribute to exciting projects. Im eager to collaborate with other talented professionals and organizations to create innovative web solutions that deliver exceptional user experiences. Let's discuss how I can contribute to your team's success as a developer. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology- Information Technology | Minor Specialization- Cloud Computing July 2021- Jul 2025  CGPA: 8.3/10 Delhi Public School Etawah, C.B.S.E. July 2020  Class X: 86% | Class XII: 92%aggregate SKILLS Cloud Computing | Frontend Web Development | Software Development | Networking | Security Languages: C, Java, C++ (Data Structure and Algorithm), Object Oriented Programming, Shell Scripting Database Management System: MySQL Web: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, React Cloud Infrastructure: AWS(Course) IT Infrastructure: RDBMS, Operating System, Computer Networks, Software Testing, Cybersecurity, Linux (Coursework) Tools: Git, GitHub, Eclipse PROJECTS AND RESEARCH PAPER The Expansion of CDN: Analyzing Current Trends, Challenges and Developments in Content Delivery (Under Publishing) (Sept 2023-Dec 2023)  Focuses on enhancing user experiences and system efficiency using classification models and innovative caching strategies.  Offers valuable insights for improving content delivery performance and contributes to evolution of CDNs. Enhance Cloud Performance via Advanced Resource Allocation Techniques: Leveraging LSTM for load balancing. (Under Publishing) (Jan 2024- April 2024)  Leveraging LSTM, the study demonstrates dynamic resource allocation to mitigate bottleneck and optimize utilization.  Findings highlight improved cloud performance and user satisfaction through effective load balancing strategies. Search Algorithm Visualizer: (GitHub link)  Tech Stack: JavaScript, HTML and CSS. (Nov 2022- Jan 2023)  This tool helps to visualize how the various graph search algorithms work.  Currently the tool supports, Dijkstra's Algorithm, A* algorithm, BFS, DFS and Random Maze Generation using Recursive Division. Payroll Management System: (GitHub link) (May2023- June 2023)  This is utilized for handling the salary system of companies. Also, It is needed to calculate the monthly pay, taxes, and social security of the companys workers.  Tech Stack: MySQL RELEVANT COURSEWORK Operating Systems, Object-Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Relational Database Management Systems, Computer Networks, Artificial Intelligence, Software Engineering, Cloud Computing, Agile Methodologies, SDLC process, Linux CERTIFICATIONS  AWS Academy Graduate: AWS Academy Cloud Foundations  VM Ware Technical course Data Center Virtualization: Core Technical Skills  Cisco Networking Academy: Cybersecurity Essentials  CCNAv7: Introduction to Networks, CCNAv7: Switching, Routing and Wireless Essentials  CCNAv7(Cisco Certified Network Associate): Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation  CCNAv7(Cisco Certified Network Associate): Introduction to Networks POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY  Technical Head, Randomize Hosted multiple tech events, leading a team to foster a collaborative environment and promote innovative thinking.  Organizing Committee- MUJ and Industry Leadership Summit 3.0 | Campus to Corporate 5.0 Managed and coordinated all aspects of the event, maintaining clear communication with stakeholders to ensure flawless mmmmnnexecution. ACHIEVEMENTS  Deans List excellence award in academics in 5th Semester.  State Child Scientist by National Childrens Science Congress.  Finalist at National Level ICAI Commerce Wizard (Among top 1000 students).  Runner Up at National Level GMAS Abacus Calculation .