Krishna Modani (cid:211) +91 9511360734 kmodani03@gmail.com  LinkedIn (cid:135) Github EDUCATION Manipal University B.Tech in Computer Science & Engineering, CGPA - 7.24/10 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: Python, C, SQL Frontend: Html5, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, React Backend: PHP, Node.js Tools: GitHub, VS Code, XAMPP, Linux, Figma Other: Data Structures, Algorithms, Databases October 2021 - August 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan, India WORK EXPERIENCE Codevidhya Product Intern - Tech  Live Implementation: Ensuring seamless integration of presentations and training modules into the moodal LMS portal and researching on how to add APIs to the portal to make the presentations understandable within less time. Improving the new project of training modules by 15%. June 2024 - present Jaipur, India  Practical Application: Leveraged academic knowledge to enhance ongoing research initiatives, contributing to content development efforts that improved project outcomes by 30% and elevated user engagement by 20%.  Collaborated in a team to optimize processes, achieving a 20% reduction in project delivery time. OMPHALOS (Student Club) President  Transformed OMPHALOS into a dynamic, interactive club, increasing active participation by 35% and member June 2023 - June 2024 MUJ retention by 65% through innovative activities and robust inter-member communication channels.  Devised and implemented tactical problem-solving approaches to streamline club functions, achieving flawless event execution, which led to a 25% increase in event attendance and a 40% decrease in logistical mishaps. PROJECTS CybrSecure - Cyber Crime Reporting Portal | HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap, PHP, MySQL, NewsAPI | Link  Innovated the CybrSecure system with full-stack technologies including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL; improved March 2024 user awareness by 33% and streamlined cybercrime reporting processes, reducing incident response time by 25%.  Incorporated a secure community forum focused on discussing the latest cyber trends and threats, accessible exclusively to authenticated users, resulting in a 40% increase in user engagement.  Integrated NewsAPI for real-time cybersecurity news updates, fostering community engagement and education, increasing user interaction by 25%. Doctryy - Medical Store Management Website | HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap, PHP, MySQL | Link March 2023  Developed an online medical store management system with secure purchases and timely deliveries, enabling pharmacists to manage inventory and orders, increasing efficiency by 70% and reducing stockouts by 60%.  Implemented real-time inventory tracking, an admin panel for monitoring 100+ sales transactions daily, and a notification system for order updates, enhancing user experience and operational control by 80%.  Ensured data security and privacy compliance with encryption and secure login protocols, protecting over 1,000 transactions and 500 user profiles, maintaining a 0% data breach rate. ACHIEVEMENTS & CERTIFICATIONS  MUJ HackX: Stood 4th out of 180+ teams and over 1000 participants  Introduction to Software Engineering - IBM (Scored 84%)  Design & Analysis of Algorithms - NPTEL (Elite, Scored 61%)  Red Hat System Administration I (RH124) & II (RH134)  Database Foundations - Oracle EXTRACURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Executive of Oneiros (Main Techno-Cultural college fest)  Directed a team of 100+ volunteers for the colleges largest techno-cultural fest, achieving a 15% increase in performance feedback through strategic planning and effective resource allocation.