ANIT DEBBARMA (cid:211) +91-8131049615 || anitdebbarma9615@gmail.com || (cid:135) GitHub EDUCATION National Institute Of Technology, Agartala Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering CGPA- 8.04 TECHNICAL SKILLS JAVA, C/C++, Python (Proficient) Programming Languages: Web Development: HTML5, CSS3(+Bootstrap), JavaScript(+jQuery), NodeJs(+Express), Next.Js, React.Js Databases: MongoDB, MySQL Tools: VS Code, PyCharm, Github, Git Bash Computer Fundamentals: OOP, Operating System, Database Management System, Computer Network EXPERIENCE 2020  2024 Full-Stack Web-Development/Web-Design - Online Examination System NIELIT, Agartala, India  Developed a user-friendly interface using React.Js, HTML, CSS3(BootStrap), JavaScript, and jQuery. 05/2023  06/2023 PROJECTS MyShop E-Commerce Website  Designed and developed a full stack dynamic and responsive E-commerce Website using Tailwindcss, JavaScript with frameworks like Next.js, React.js, Express.js, and MongoDB.  Implemented user authentication and authorization features, allowing customers to register, login, and securely manage their profiles and orders.  Integrated third-party payment gateway (e.g., PayPal, Stripe) to facilitate seamless and secure online transactions.  Implemented features like product search, sorting, and filtering to enhance user experience and product discoverability.  Utilized Git and GitHub for version control and collaborative development.  Deployed the application on Vercel for reliable and scalable hosting, ensuring high availability and performance. Image-Algo(Computer Vison)  A web app that shows different image processing algorithms. In the sidebar, I have added some values and with each of the values, a function is associated. When the user clicks on any one of them the corresponding function is triggered. By default, the first value which is the Welcome string is selected and the if statement calls the welcome() function.  You can import a photo of any unidentified birds and animals in the web app and verify the type Colour Filter and Blur Face and Face Count and detection and Vehicle detection and Count and Background Remove.  Programming Language:- Python  Libraries Required : CV2 , numpy , streamlit , cvzone. House Search(React Front-end)  Developed a responsive house search application using React, enabling users to browse, filter, and view real estate listings.  Designed and implemented the user interface using React and Redux for state management.  Implemented advanced search and filtering features to enhance user experience.  Utilized React Router for seamless navigation and improved user flow and Ensured mobile responsiveness and cross-browser compatibility.  Technologies Used:- Frontend: React, Redux, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, SASS CERTIFICATES The Complete Web Developer Bootcamp 2022 HTML, CSS3, JS, NodeJs, ReactJs, MongoDB. (DSA Questions) in Leetcode (275+ question solved). Udemy, Online 10/2022 ( Certification through HACKERRANK for Basic Java, Javascript, Python, SQL, Udemy: Full-Stack Web-Development) VIEW CERTIFICATES (I am a Persons with Disabilities(PWD) candidate with 40 percentage) View Certificate INTERESTS  Solving real world problem || Learning new Skills || Cricket || E-Sports