Harsh Khanvilkar 8169740872 | harshkhanvilkar01@gmail.com | Mumbai, Maharashtra Experience Techq Konnect | Vasai, Mumbai, Maharashtra Jr. Software Engineer Intern | 12/2023 - 03/2024 Gained practical experience in web development and strengthened proficiency in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Acquired skills in web services and Web APIs design, implementation, and maintenance. Got introduced to cloud computing concepts and AWS services, focusing on EC2 instances. Sought opportunities to apply knowledge of the software development lifecycle in an agile work environment. Skills Programming Languages - HTML, CSS, JAVA, JAVA-SCRIPT, XML, Python. Version Control - Git Familiar with - Postman API / AWS / SDLC / AGILE Education A.C.Patil College of Engineering | Kharghar, Maharashtra CGPA - 8.95* Untill Semester 7 Computer Science | 05/2024 Royal Junior College | Dombivli , Maharashtra Science | 02/2020 Projects Striver - A Netflix Clone Application - The Netflix Clone project encapsulates the convergence of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a compelling and responsive user interface. This endeavor showcases the capabilities of web technologies in recreating sophisticated interfaces and underscores the importance of a well-structured, styled, and interactive web presence. SoRA - A Task Manager Application - It allowed users to create, delete, and organize tasks based on their priorities and deadlines. This application aims to provide a user-friendly interface that can be accessed from any device, ensuring seamless task management across different platforms. Certifications Postman API Foundations Certification Udemy Dev-ops Beginners to Advanced Certification Coursera Web Development Certification Github Foundations Professional Certification Linux LinkedIn Skill Assessment Achievements Ranked 2nd in 2nd Year of Engineering with 9.28 CGPA and 1st in the 3rd Year of Engineering with 9.40 CGPA in the CSE-IoT Department. Participated in "Solving for India" Hackathon hosted by GeeksforGeeks organization and obtained a ranked of "93" among 1100 total participants. Published a Technical Paper Named "Augmented Reality Based Point of Sales Application" in our Final Year of Engineering which got accepted at the IJCRT Conference.