RITHANYA S +91-6380930803 rithanyaasubramaniam11123@gmail.com rithanya-s-01704224a Rithanya03 Education BE , Computer Science and Engineering 2021  2025 Chennai Institute of Technology, CGPA : 9.02/10 Professional Experience Oasis InfoByte Web developer Intern : 07/2023  08/2023 Completed one month internship at Oasis Infobyte, had the opportunity to work on backend development tasks in addition to frontend responsibilities. This included tasks such as building RESTful APIs, database management, and server-side scripting.Tools used - Reactjs, SQL, Nodejs, Expressjs. By working on the landing web pages, gained a comprehensive understanding of full-stack development, enabling to contribute to end-to-end web application development projects effectively. Engineercore pvt ltd Machine Learning Intern : 05/2023  07/2023 Completed two month internship at Engineercore pvt ltd, completed projects focusing on machine learning, including the development of an Automated License Plate Recognition (ALPR) system. Developed a project which involved utilizing computer vision and ml techniques to accurately detect and recognize license plates from images or video streams. Gained practical knowledge in image processing and algorithm development, further enhancing skills in the field of machine learning. Projects LearnEd (E-learning platform) | ReactJS | MySql | NodeJS, https://github.com/Rithanya03/E-Learning-platform-.git Developed an e-learning platform utilizing ReactJS for the frontend, Nodejs for the backend, and MySQL for the database. Online Courses : A diverse range of courses across different subjects with video lectures, reading materials, and interactive content. Introduced interactive quizzes and assessments to test knowledge and track progress resulting in a 20% study efficiency increase. 04/2024 Automated licence plate recognition system | Machine learning | Python | Computer vision, https://github.com/Rithanya03/Automated-licence-plate Autonomously developed an automated license plate recognition system utilizing machine learning, specifically employing an optical character recognition (OCR) system, computer vision and algorithm development. Involved utilizing computer vision and machine learning techniques to accurately detect and recognize license plates from images or video streams. Gained practical knowledge in image processing and algorithm development, further enhancing skills in the field of machine learning. 07/2023 Bonik (Digital E-commerce website) | ReactJS | MySql | NodeJs, https://github.com/Rithanya03/Website-React Developed a dynamic e-commerce website using ReactJS, offering users an intuitive and seamless shopping experience. The project involved creating responsive layouts and integrating backend APIs for product data. Features - Add to cart, Payment method, Recommendations based on user's interest. 05/2023 Skills Programming languages : Java, C, Python Web Development(Database and Frameworks) : HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MySQL, Restful APIs, ReactJS, NodeJs Tools: Figma, Git, Github, Linux, Docker, AWS, Vercel, AdobeXD Concepts known: Data structures and Algorithms, Database management Systems, Operating Systems, Computer Networks Certificates  Udemy - Full stack development(15 June'23) ,  Cisco:- CCNA 1 , CCNA 2(30 Jan'24, 5 feb'24) , Cybersecurity Essentials(29 Nov'22),  Coursera - IBM Certified: Data structures and Algorithm(6 July'23) Achievements  LEETCODE : Solved 450+ problems in leetcode, achieving a contest rating of 1494 and placing in the top of 44% of coders.  CODECHEF : Silver badge for Python in Codechef and consistent coder actively taking part in contest.  SKILLRACK : Demonstrated strong problem solving abilities with having solved 1000+ problems.  2nd place in Hero campus challenge with strong aptitude skills and innovative problem statements with solution.