T A N I S H P O K A L E B. Tech CSE (IOT and Intelligent System) C O N T A C T W O R K E X P E R I E N C E +91 9068522970 tanishpokale@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanish- pokale-35860a267/ Vadodara, Gujarat S K I L L S Data Structure and Algorithm Frontend: HTML, CSS Backend: C++, SQL Embedded System: Arduino, 8051 Microcontroller Other: Project Planning, Analytical Skills, Creative Thinking SQL Development Intern Celebal Technologies May 2024 - July 2024 Technical Skills in SQL: Demonstrated strong proficiency and knowledge in SQL during the assessment process at Celebal Technologies. Project Contributions: Played a key role in projects within the SQL Department Practical Application of SQL: Applied theoretical knowledge of SQL to real-world scenarios, gaining hands-on experience in database management, query optimization, and data manipulation. Professional Development: Actively participated in workshops and training sessions that deepened understanding of SQL concepts and best practices in the industry. Learning Outcomes in SQL: Gained valuable insights into the industrial applications of SQL, contributing to readiness for professional roles in database management and analytics. Personal and Professional Growth: Developed a proactive approach to learning and adapting to new technologies, demonstrating a strong commitment to personal and professional growth. Software Development Intern VapourHost Pvt. Ltd. July 2023 - September 2023 Contributed to frontend development of Customer Portal which enabled seemless support and management of the client services. Participated in code reviews, providing feedback to improve software design, testing, and maintainability. Gained experience with web hosting industry by shadowing customer support and attending planning meetings. Basics of AI and ML, IOT Architecture and Design Promotion Team Computer Networks Panacea, Manipal University Jaipur July 2023 - September 2023 E D U C A T I O N B.tech CSE Manipal University Jaipur 2021-2025 7 CGPA 12 Class Dayawati Modi Academy CBSE  Meerut  2021 79% 10 Class Dayawati Modi Academy CBSE  Meerut  2019 70% L A N G U A G E S English Hindi Marathi Led promotional campaigns to increase club membership over the semester Designed eye-catching posters, social media graphics, and email campaigns to advertise club events P R O J E C T S Deep Learning Project Alzeihmers Classification and Detection April 2024 Developed a deep learning model using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Support Vector Machines (SVM), PCA, and LDA models to classify and detect Alzheimer's disease from brain MRI images. Achieved high accuracy in identifying Alzheimer's patterns, contributing to early diagnosis efforts. Computer Network Project Office Networking on Cisco Packet Tracer March 2024 Designed and implemented a secure network infrastructure using Cisco Packet Tracer to connect the ACCOUNTS and DELIVERY departments. Implemented Cisco switches and routers, including VLAN setup, IP addressing, and routing protocols to optimize network performance and security for departmental connectivity. Automated Toll Tax System August 2023 - December 2023 Engineered an automated toll payment system using RFID technology to detect vehicles and deduct tolls from linked accounts, eliminating need for cash transactions. Demonstrated proficiency in RFID systems, IoT devices and traffic management Password Manager (Database Project) December 2023 Developed a robust password manager application leveraging SQL databases to securely store and manage user credentials. Designed database schema and implemented SQL queries for efficient retrieval, insertion, and encryption of passwords and associated metadata. Implemented user authentication and access control mechanisms using SQL to ensure data security and confidentiality in compliance with industry standards. Hydroponics and Crop Tracker Designed and built an automated hydroponics system to grow vegetables indoors with no soil. Programmed Arduino to monitor temperature, pH, and humidity in the system. Utilized various sensors to log the data to our servers. January 2023 - May 2023 C E R T I F I C A T I O N S Introduction to the Internet of Things and Embedded System Introduction to Architecting Smart IoT Devices Applying Data Structures to Manipulate Cleansed UN Data Database Foundations (Oracle Academy) Data Structure And Algorithms in c CISCO NETACAD CCNAv7: Introduction to Networks course CISCO NETACAD CCNAv7: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials course P O S I T I O N O F R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S Organizing Committee Abhivarta - Sport Fest of the University Orchestrated major university sports festival, Abhivarta, handling registrations for over 500 students Managed team of 10 volunteers responsible for event operations including scheduling, facilities, and participant communications. Core Committee Techideate - Tech Fest of the University Managed logistics for the university's largest tech festival, Techideate, securing venue, vendors, and promotion. Directed major robotics competition, Robowar, handling communications with the participating teams and organizing event staff.