Saiyed Mohammad Shad Reza (cid:211) +91-8005317471 shadreza3@gmail.com shadreza007 (cid:135) ShadReza007 / Codechef : Rated 1432 Leetcode & Hackerrank: 5 () Java EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur BTech(CSE) - CGPA-8.06 St. Josephs College, Prayagraj 10th - 92% , 12th - 90% INTERNSHIP Celebal Technologies Data Engineer Intern Aug 2021 - Aug 2025 Apr 2008 - Aug-2020 May 2024 - Jul 2024 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Independently designed and built an automated ETL pipeline that processed over 1 GB of raw sales data from an on-prem SQL database into analytical datasets adhering to the Medallion Architecture.  Standardized data from heterogeneous sources into unified Bronze tables, applying validation checks to achieved over 95% data quality, and ingesting the data using Azure Data Factory pipelines.  Developed a Silver Layer for structured data storage and stored curated data in the Gold Layer on Azure Synapse Analytics for analysis and reporting, using Python, Databricks, and PySpark for data profiling and issue identification, and secured sensitive data with Azure Key Vault.  Created 7 aggregated sales KPI metrics for interactive dashboard reporting in Power BI. PROJECTS ShopVibe | ReactJs, MongoDB, Node.js, Express.js  Built an e-commerce site with a robust backend using Express.js and Node.js, combined with MongoDB for efficient data storage and real-time information retrieval.  Employed JWT-based authentication to achieve secure and scalable user access control.  Optimized application performance by employing lazy loading for product images and interactive components, resulting in a 94% improvement in initial load times and overall resource utilization.  Developed a comprehensive cart system with item and quantity management, alongside advanced search and filtering capabilities, enhancing product discovery and overall user experience. NewsFlare | ReactJs, Bootstrap CSS  Engineered a live news displaying site using robust API integration to fetch and display the latest news updates in real-time, ensuring the site remains current and informative.  Incorporated an API to detect fake news, which displays alerts on each news card, ensuring users are informed about the authenticity of the news articles they read.  Utilized modern web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.js to create an intuitive interface, added a search bar for quick article retrieval, and implemented lazy loading to boost performance by 50%, resulting in faster load times and smoother transitions.  Implemented category-based news filtering, allowing users to seamlessly browse articles by categories such as sports, entertainment, and technology. Aurora | ReactJs  Developed a weather application using React.js that fetches real-time data from a weather API, displaying current weather details such as temperature, wind speed, humidity, feels-like temperature, and cloud coverage for any location worldwide.  Integrated debouncing to optimize API calls, reducing redundant requests by 80%, and successfully deployed the application on Render, ensuring high availability and accessibility.  Leveraged React hooks for efficient state management and interactive data updates, including an auto-complete feature for location search, enhancing the applications responsiveness and performance.  Employed robust error handling to manage API request failures and user input errors, ensuring reliability and user-friendly error reporting. ACHIEVEMENTS  Design and Analysis of Algorithms from NPTEL  Object Oriented Programming with Java from Sololearn  Database Foundation from Oracle