(cid:131) 9345250053 # sriranjania2004@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/sriranjani  github.com/sriranjani2004 SRI RANJANI A Education B.E. in Computer Science and Engineering Chennai Institute Of Technology 8.95 CGPA 2021  2025 SKILLS Languages Frontend Backend : Java, JavaScript, SQL : HTML, CSS, TailWindcss,React.js : Node.js, Express.js Database Tools Additional : MySQL, MongoDB : Figma, Canva : Linux, Docker, Postman Internship Experience Teachnook Fullstack Developer Intern Jun 2023  Jul 2023  Gained Practical experience with React JS and worked on backend development tasks using Express.js.  Acquired proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, with insights into responsive design, and MySQL Database.  Collaborated with team members using Git for version control to organize modifications and tasks. LearnSmasher Edtech Llp Data Science Intern Nov 2023  Dec 2023  Implemented ML algorithms with Scikit-learn for data manipulation and preprocessing, ensuring high data quality.  Collaborated with a skilled team, continuously learning and honing effective time management skills.  Developed data visualizations using Matplotlib and Seaborn to communicate insights effectively. Projects LawLink | ReactJS, NodeJS, MySQL WorkBench, Docker Project Link Mar 2024 - Apr 2024  Designed a platform utilizing Express and Node.js for the backend, with React for the frontend.  Implemented a email automation system to lawyers about the client appointments ,messages and updates.  Streamlined lawyer search, appointment booking & secure communication for improved user experience.  Leverage automation, scalable databases, cloud hosting, and bulk actions to handle 100+ clients efficiently. Meeting Scheduler App| Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, Tailwindcss, Firebase Project Link Mar 2024 - Apr 2024  Automates email reminders and streamlines meeting management with a user-friendly interface and notifications.  Syncs with popular calendars, offers meeting analytics and track the meeting details.  Guarantees secure data handling through strong encryption, utilizing Kinde authentication.  Efficiency: Efficiently manages and support the requirements of over 200 users, ensuring optimal performance. Contact Management App| Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, MySQL Project Link Nov 2023 - Dec 2023  Integrated an intuitive user interface to enhance user experience and facilitate easy navigation to manage contacts.  Utilized Express.js and Node.js for the backend, creating a robust server that handles data operations seamlessly.  Users can access the previous history of the contacts and details of the users and manage their profiles.  Efficiency : Achieved an efficiency coding proficiency by 30% of users storing data effectively. CERTIFICATIONS Introduction to Cybersecurity and Cyber Security Essentials NPTEL Certification in Java Complete Webdevelopment Bootcamp Introduction to Front-End Development With Reactjs Introduction to UI&UX : Cisco Networking Academy : IIT Kharagpur : UDEMY : Coursera : Coursera [Feb 2023] [Oct 2023] [Jun 2023] [Sep 2023] [May 2023] PROGRAMMING ACHIEVEMENTS : Solved 300+ problems, demonstrating strong problem-solving skills. Profile Link : Solved 150+ diverse problems with dedication.Profile Link : Solved 1000+ problems, enhancing proficiency in programming languages Profile Link Leetcode Codechef Skillrack Hackfusion : Finalist in Chennai Institute of Technologys intra-college Hackfusion competition. : Finalist in Chennai Institute of Technologys intra-college competition. IMinds