AMARA LAKSHMI SIVA MANIKANTA  Lakshmisivamanikanta | (cid:239) sivamanikanta | # sivamanikanta amara@srmap.edu.in | H +91 6300219164 Summary Motivated Computer Science student pursuing a Bachelors degree with proficiency in Python, Java, and C++ programming languages, as well as proficiency in data structures. Skilled in Django web development, with hands-on experience in building scalable web applications. Known for problem-solving abilities, adaptability, and a proactive approach to overcoming challenges. A dedicated and hardworking individual with a proven track record of delivering high-quality work within specified timeframes, ensuring optimal efficiency. Work Experience Django Web development Intern - APSSDC June 2023 - August 2023 I worked on Django online development throughout my two-month APSSDC internship, helping to create scalable online apps and obtaining practical knowledge of the software development lifecycle. My Role involve in create user-friendly interfaces with Django Frameworks(HTML, CSS, Bootstrap). I also handle back-end coding work to link with Front-end. Projects Online Job Portal Online Job Portal developed using Django frameworks, Python and SQLite. Skilled in creating intuitive user interfaces for both recruiters and job seekers, facilitating efficient management of job listings and applications. Proficient in enabling recruiters to post job openings, review applicant details and resumes, and schedule interviews, while empowering job seekers to search for opportunities, apply for positions, and track application status. Committed to enhancing the recruitment process through technology-driven solutions. Education 2021-2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY AP 2021 2019 Class 12th BIEAP Class 10th APBSE Research And Certifications (CGPA: 7.54/10.0) (840/1000) (9.2/10.0) Breast Cancer Detection Breast Cancer detection employs U-net and Convolutional Neural Networks for the training and testing of models aimed at detecting cancerous tissues from hyperspectral images. Proficient in analyzing input images to identify and label tissues as most affected, susceptible to cancer, or normal. Dedicated to improving early cancer detection methods to facilitate timely treatment interventions and enhance patient outcomes. Skills Technical Skills: Python, C++ Programming, Data structures, Django Courses: Artificial Intelligence, MySQL