Sumit vaijinath waghmare Sofiware Qualiy Analys. sumitw9696@gmail.com 9175526280 Bangalore 06 Jan 1999 Indian Single PROFILE Dedicated IT professional with history of meeting company goals utilizing consistent and organized practices. Skilled in working under pressure and adapting to new situations and challenges to best enhance the organizational brand. Proven skills in completing black box testing , functional , Non-functional , Sanity , Regression , Re-testing tests. Background writing and implementing test cases, developing testing plans and identifying use cases. Fully versed in complete SDLC and STLC. Tata Consultancy Services Pvt Ltd, Bangalore.Software Quality Analyst 1.4 years of experience in software testing as a software quality analyst. Documented testing procedures for developers and future testing use. It is operated under Agile and Scrum frameworks to complete releases and well-organized sprints. Aug 2021  present Bangalore Manual Testing | Software Development Life Cycle | Agile Methodology | Regression Testing | Performance Testing Automation Testing | API Testing | JIRA Tool | Bug Defect Life Cycle | Java Programing | Postman | Selenium SKILLS PROJECTS Title : HL Private Capital Solutions System Domain :Finance and Investment Responsibility: Understood and analyzed the customer requirements. Designed and executed test cases according to functional specifications. Logged defect in Jira. Involved in test Report. Performed Functionality Testing, Retesting and Regression Testing. Send daily status Report to test lead. Involved in analyzing the requirements and communicating with BA team for better understanding of the requirements. Participated in scrum meeting and sprint planning meeting. Responsible for test deliverables, prioritizes and monitors activities to meet such dates for assigned features. Identified Test Cases and Test Data. Writing effective and optimized Test Cases using Black Box Testing techniques. Execution of test cases. Marathi English LANGUAGES Hindi I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. DECLARATION Sumit Waghmare . Bangalore sumitw9696@gmail.com 1 / 1