ARNAY VERMA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY CONTACT Bengaluru, India 560062 Mobile: +91-8861965275 arnayverma.tad.19@gmail.co m 9 Passionate penultimate-year Computer Science Engineering student at Manipal University Jaipur with a focus on Full Stack Web Development. Proficient in Front-end and Backend Development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript. Seeking opportunities to apply and enhance skills in a dynamic environment. SKILLS  Data Structures and Algorithms in  Problem Solving WEBSITES, PORTFOLIOS, PROFILES www.linkedin.com/in/arnay- verma C++ (Pursuing)  Front-end Web Development HTML, CS S and JavaScript (Pursuing)  Backend Web Development JavaScript.  Intermediate in Java and C  Teamwork  Leadership  Active listening EDUCATION Expected in August 2025 BTech: Computer Science Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, India. Pursuing Btech in CSE department from Manipal University Jaipur as 3rd year student with current CGPA- 7.58 April 2021 No Degree: Pre- University Education Nehru Samarka Vidyalaya (81A), Bengaluru, KA, India. 12th Board Percentage- 80.8% (covid batch so no board exam was held and this marks is the average of 10,11 and 12. April 2019 No Degree: School Teaching Carmel School, Bengaluru, India. Completed my schooling from Pre- Nursery to 10th from this school in ICSE board with 88.2% in board exam. WORK HISTORY July 2024 - S e p t e m b e r 2 0 2 4 Intern, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Bengaluru, India Building a web interface for gen AI chatbot using AWS Bedrock and developing and maintaining its functionality. (Cannot reveal further details as it is classified)  Skilled at working independently and collaboratively with my coworkers and under my mentor and HR head. December 2023 - J a n u a r y 2024 Intern- Student Partner, lnternshafa.com, Bengaluru, India Help promoting the courses and the valuable insights this website has to offer to students in my college and help them navigate their way to acquire their skills. July 2024  November 2024 Intern- Centre of Excellence (COE) Training, Data Science, Celebal Technologies, Hybrid, India Finishing a designated course with a proper curriculum on a weekly basis, which requires to be completed within the deadline. Involves finishing curriculum modules, assignments, and projects on a daily basis along with sessions with mentors assigned to each student. November 2023 - D e c e m b e r 2024 Assistant Secretary General (ASG)- MUJ MUN 2023, Manipal University Jaipur a. Enhanced office efficiency by streamlining administrative processes and implementing organizational systems b. Supported executive team members with scheduling, correspondence, and travel arrangements for optimized time management. August 2023 December 2023 Senior Coordinator-LITMUS MUJ-The Debating Society, Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, India  Streamlined project management processes by implementing new organizational tools and techniques November 2022- December 2022 Intern Mood Indigo, IIT Bombay, Mumbai, India  Performed market analysis and researched latest trends which can help in digitally marketing the event  Designed and presented social media campaign ideas  Assisted Marketing Coordinators and Graphic Designers with website copywriting and proofing. August 2022- September 2022 Organizing Committee Member, MUJ Annual Fest, Oneiros, Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, India  Skilled at working independently and collaboratively in a team environment  Self-motivated, with a strong sense of personal responsibility. November 2021 C u r r e n t Student Governing Member, Cinefilia- The Dramatics Society Of MUJ, Jaipur Worked as an actor in plays and films and also organized various competitions, workshops and fests in college. PROJECTS Clone and Portfolio based projects- Currently working on Clone based projects which comes on Front-end development and also using Front-end to develop portfolios for different users. End-end projects - Building end-end websites with full Front-end and Backend in various field.