SHREYANS SINGH +91 8368298744 | EMail | GitHub | Twitter SUMMARY Full Stack Developer with expertise in front-end and back-end development, experienced in building products that solve real world problems and machine learning applications. TECHNICAL SKILLS Frontend  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Figma (web designing) Backend  Django (with Channels for real-time applications)    Database  PostgreSQL , SQLite  Machine Learning  PyTorch EXPERIENCE Full Stack Developer, Self-Employed March 2023 - March 2024  Developed and launched MyStranger.in, a Django based social networking website, which attracted over 10,000 unique site visits and gained more than 1,300 registered users.  Developed and launched Mentos Autotyper, a Windows application that quickly became popular among Galgotias University students and gathered over 8,000 downloads within first 3 months of its release. PROJECTS MyStranger.in, A Social Networking Platform , (Core Developer)  Website Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Django with Channels, PostgreSQL, Redis, WebRTC, Mapbox API, Google Cloud  Peer-to-Peer Connection: Leveraged WebRTC technology and STUN servers to facilitate an Omegle-like video chat feature,  enabling real-time, anonymous interactions among users.  Real-Time Messaging: Utilized Django Channels to construct a dynamic messaging section, similar to Facebooks messaging  system, allowing instantaneous text communication.  Multi-Layered Comment Section: Implemented a multi-layered comment section using the Modified Preorder Tree Traversal (MPTT) data structure in Django, enhancing user engagement and interaction.  Location-Based Search: Integrated the Mapbox API to enable a map search functionality, allowing users to fetch their university and connect with students based on university locations. Mentos Autotyper, A Windows Application, (Core Developer) - Demo | Website Tech Stack: Python, PyQt5  Solved a real world problem - The application enables students to bypass disabled pasting systems on platforms like Codetantra and other IDEs, allowing them to paste their code with proper indentation.  Time-Saving Feature: Implemented a One Click Submit feature that significantly reduced the time required to submit an assignment. With Mentos Autotyper, a task that previously took around 5 hours could be completed within 15 minutes. Music Recommendation Algorithm using DBSCAN (Sole Developer) Extracted relevant features from music data using the Spotify API and optimized the algorithm by tuning hyperparameters, such as epsilon () and minimum points (minPts), to improve clustering performance. ACHIEVEMENTS & EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Second Runner Up on the GU - PITCH ME Competition. Check Here EDUCATION Galgotias University , Noida, Uttar Pradesh | B.Tech Computer Science and Engineering | 2020 - 2024