PRANEETH MOTURI +91 7993615690 moturi.praneeth@gmail.com PRANEETH MOTURI Hyderabad, Telangana https://github.com/PraneethMoturi SUMMARY Seeking a challenging position in a reputable organization that will allow me to utilize my technical skills to develop innovative software solutions while contributing to the growth and success of the company, as well as enhancing my professional growth. TECHNICAL SKILLS Java, C++, DSA, DBMS, Salesforce, SQL, System Analysis, Networking & Security, Cloud Computing INTERNSHIP Intern  Digital Transformation & Information Technology Jan24  Present SeedWorks International Pvt. Ltd. | Hyderabad  Working on an Authentication check solution for the brand using PUF & 3D technology. Reviewing & Updating IT Policies.   Monitoring Firewall and other security related Applications.  Deploying new features in the field of Cyber-Security.  Managed the VAPT process, including report delivery, issue resolution, and vulnerability closure. Student Ambassador Apr '21 - Present Viral Fission | Remote   Leveraged communication and interpersonal skills to promote brands like Unacademy, Pepsi, Mahindra Rise through events and social media campaigns. Tracked and improved social media campaign performance, delivering regular reports to brand representatives to enhance engagement and reach. PROJECTS Tic Tac Toe Game   Created an interactive Tic Tac Toe game using C++ language, incorporating data structures and algorithms for game development. Applied object-oriented programming principles to design the games logic, user interface, and player interactions, showcasing proficiency in C++, CERTIFICATIONS arrays, linked lists, and various Algorithms.  Salesforce Developer | Skillstone by Grazitti | Mar '23  Comptia Linux+ | Cybrary | Mar 23  Data Structures and Algorithms | Oct22 POWER SKILLS  Outgoing and effective in Extraction of database using SQL Injection   Conducted database extraction project using SQL Injection techniques on Kali Linux, demonstrating expertise in cybersecurity and ethical hacking. Successfully identified and addressed vulnerabilities within the database, showcasing practical skills in security testing and penetration testing . ACHIEVEMENTS   Received an appreciation certificate from Fampay for successfully promoting their app and contributing to their growth. Earned a recommendation letter from the CEO of Viral Fission for outstanding performance and achievements during my tenure. group work EDUCATION  Imaginative and empathetic  Keen to help others  Adaptable and multitasker B.Tech. in Computer Science June '20 - Present Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, IN with proactive approach CGPA 7.54 Higher Secondary Apr '18 - Apr '20 EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Part of LPU  NSS Team St. Marys Junior College | Hyderabad, IN Percentage 77