Pooja Sree Padmanabhuni  PadmanabhuniPoojaSree | (cid:239) pooja-sree-p | # poojasree p@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9391994737 Summary Dedicated and adaptable computer science engineer with a passion for creating innovative software solu- tions. A good understanding of programming languages such as C++ and Python. Interested in working in a dynamic and competitive environment. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech (CSE) at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education (BIEAP) Board of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh (BSEAP) (CGPA: 7.66/10) (96.1/100%) (CGPA: 10/10) Work Experience Data Analyst June 2023 - August 2023 Interned as a Data Analyst at APSSDC, conducting statistical analysis. This involved data cleaning and preprocessing to ensure dataset accuracy. Assisted in statistical analysis and data modeling using Python. Utilized data visualization to generate actionable insights, supporting decision-making. Collaborated with team members to present findings to stakeholders. Projects Library Management System The Library Management System is a C language project designed to automate the recording of library- related information. It allows librarians to store details such as the names of students/teachers borrowing books, the issue date, and the number of books borrowed. Student Report Project Management System The Student Report Card Management System project report highlights key methods and details for creating the project, all developed using C++. Centralizing data administration and accessibility stands out as a crucial aspect. This system simplifies data input, maintenance, and access for teachers, while also providing parents and guardians with a clearer understanding of their childrens academic performance. Quiz Application It offers The project, developed in Python, aims to facilitate users in practicing for subjective tests. progress feedback during quizzes and displays results upon completion. Unlike many quiz applications online, this project emphasizes user understanding by providing correct answers, resolving user queries, and enabling users to upload questions and answers. Flat Booking This project aims to create a user-friendly interface for booking flats, displaying available rooms. Using HTML and CSS, it produces an attractive platform for users to browse and choose rooms easily. The design emphasizes simplicity and clarity, improving the user experience and booking process. Through intuitive navigation and appealing visuals, the project aims to enhance the flat booking experience. Skills Programming Languages: Data Base Management System: SQL Web Technologies: HTML, CSS C, C++, Python CERTIFICATES Problem Solving Basic certificate (HackerRank) Python Basic Certificate (HackerRank) Data Visualization Internship (TATA FORAGE) Microsoft AI Odyssey challenge certificate Accenture Data Analytics Program