 Nandita M | (cid:239) Nandita Marri | (cid:128) Portfolio | # nanditam457@gmail.com | H +91 9704072589 Nandita Marri Summary Computer Science student with proficiency in Python and machine learning. Experienced in developing budget applications and car mileage prediction models. Skilled in data analysis and visualization using Power BI. Proven ability to design and implement efficient data processing algorithms. Projects Medical Chatbot Project Link Developed a medical chatbot with the purpose of mimicking medical and healthcare talks. Applied knowledge of artificial intelligence and natural language processing. Based on user input, this project helps with basic diagnosis or symptom testing, information provision, question and answer responses, and recommendation giving. Mileage Prediction Project Link Developed a Machine learning model to forecast vehicle fuel efficiency. practical understanding of data analysis, machine learning, decision trees, and linear regression. This project helps drivers and legislators reduce carbon emissions and maximize fuel economy. Salary Prediction Analysis Project Link Using data analysis, a machine learning model was created to forecast salaries. made use of data analysis and machine learning abilities. In salary discussions and compensation plans, this project helps employers and job seekers. Student Analysis Project Link Analyzed academic achievement metrics to identify trends and enhance instructional standards. Utilized statistical techniques for data analysis, collaborating with stakeholders to implement effective strategies for student success and institutional improvement. Education 2021 - 2025 BTech CSE (Specialization in Big Data Analytics) at SRM University AP (GPA: 7.12/10) (79 Percentage) 2019 - 2021 Class 12th (SSC Board) at Raman Bhavan (61 Percentage) Class 10th (CBSE Board) at Sri Chaitanya 2019 Certifications  Certificate of Completion: Data Analysis and Visualisation Job simulation by Accenture at Forage.com  Certificate of Completion: Productivity with Generative AI by LinkedIn and Microsoft.  Certificate of Completion: Successfully completed the Power BI for Beginners by SkillUP. Skills Technical Skills: Python,C/C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, DBMS, Microsoft Excel, Machine Learning, NLP, Data Warehouse and Mining. Management Skills: Communication Skills, Team player, Time Management.