Dharavath Tharun Roll No.: 2020107063 Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering Warangal, Telangana (cid:131) +91-7075677269 # tharundharavath34@gmail.com  GitHub Profile (cid:239) LinkedIn Profile Education  National Institute of Technology, Nagaland Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering  Krishnaveni Junior College Board of Intermediate Education, Telangana  TSTWURES School (Boys) Board of Secondary Education, Telangana Experience 2020 - 2024 CGPA: 8.07/10 2018 - 2020 Percentage: 92% 2017 - 2018 CGPA: 8.8/10  InternPe Company (Internship) (Nov, 2023 - Dec, 2023) Web Development  Dynamic Web Development Intern at InternPe Company, contributing to innovative digital solutions.  Collaborated with a dynamic team to create responsive and user-friendly websites, gaining hands-on experience Remote in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and various frameworks.  Worked with cutting-edge technologies to contribute to developing innovative web solutions. Personal Projects  E-commerce Website Designed, developed, and maintained an e-commerce website from inception to ensure seamless user experience.  Tools & technologies used: Django, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, VS Code.  Integrated secure payment gateways, enhanced site performance, and implemented a responsive design for optimal mobile usability. Managed product listings, optimized SEO, and improved conversion rates.  Responsibilities included order processing, ensuring a seamless online shopping journey for users, and contributing to increased revenue and customer satisfaction.  Automated MCQ,s Generation Using NLP Automated MCQ generation is a popular research area. It is important for students to expertise in their field of study.  Tools technologies used: Machine Learning Techniques, NLP, Python.  In the fast-growing technology today, we can see that students are being given video lectures in institutions.  The most important thing in learning is assessment and the question is crucial for assessment. Online tests are becoming more common at universities, colleges, and other educational institutions. The assessment pattern is largely evolving towards objective assessment, i.e., MCQ-based. Technical Skills and Interests Programming Languages: Python, C, JavaScript Web Development: HTML, CSS. Frameworks: Django, ReactJS, NodeJS, Angular. Cloud/Databases: MySQL, MongoDB. Developer Tools: Visual Studio Code. Areas of Interest: Web Development, Full-Stack Development, Frontend Development, Backend Development, Python Developer. Achievements  Certificate of Achievement - TCS iON Career Edge - Young Professional Nov 2023 Recognized for successful completion of the comprehensive Young Professional program, gaining expertise in cutting-edge technical technologies and essential workplace skills.