Mobile :8882145546 Email:kunalkuma2115@gmail.com KUNAL KUMAR Education National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur Bachelor of Technology  Mathematics and Computing CodingNinjas:KunalKumar Leetcode:kunalsingh-10 Dec 2020 - May 2024 Work Experience Rocket Flyer Technologies Python Developer (Internship)  Developed a business solution for the company with CHATGPT API Integration using Django.  Worked in a collaborative team of 3 members and presented different business ideas.  Improved the accuracy of a resume parsing application by training a transformer model through API development. June 2023 - Aug 2023 Gurgaon E-Cell, NIT Hamirpur Secretary of External Affairs  Implemented 5 workshops and organized E-summit. June 2021 - May 2024 On-site Soul AI Data Science (AS contract)  Worked on LLM project named Flamingo, enhancing the performance of models. Leveraged human judgment to guide May 2024 - present Remote the model towards generating higher quality as it worked on reinforcement learning. Project  Music Genre Classification( Django, KNN, HTML, CSS): - A website which provides the genre of music by uploading the .wav audio file. - Classify the music as pop, country,hiphop,etc categories.  Comprehensive Analysis of Bank Loan Processes and Data Utilization(SQL, Tableau, Excel): - Aims toward improving decision-making and risk management for loan . - Provide bank data-driven strategies for efficient loan management. .  CRUD Application(Python,Django,MongoDB,Pymongo,Postman): - Created user registration and login page with functionalities of updating and deleting details. - Real time Data is stored in Mongodb using PyMongo. - API-Testing is done using Postman. Skills  Languages: Python, SQL, C++, Data Structure and algorithms, HTML5,CSS ,React ,Node js  Libraries: Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, OpenCV, Numpy, Pandas, Seaborn, Matplotlib , Django ,MongoDB,BeautifulSoup  Tools: Matlab, Django, MySQL,Excel,PowerBI  Algorithms: Regression, Classification, ANN, CNN  Soft Skills: Leadership, Event Management, Public Speaking, Time Management Achievements And Certifications  Solved 200+ DSA problems on different coding platforms -leetcode,coding ninjas and GFG.  Scored AIR 13,225 in JEE Mains and AIR 9,725 in JEE Advance.  Machine-Learning and deep-learning in Python  AWS-Machine Learning Deep-Racer