ANUSHKA MOHAN +91 9703580481| anushka20403@gmail.com | Linkedin | Github EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech Computer Science Engineering CGPA - 8.08, 2025 FIITJEE Junior College Class XII Kennedy High, The Global School Class X TECHNICAL SKILLS 93%, 2021 96%, 2019 Skills: C/C++, HTML/CSS, Javascript, Express.js, Mongoose, SQL, Python (Pandas) Courses: Operating Systems, Database Management, DSA, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning WORK EXPERIENCE Jio Platforms Limited - Intern May 2024 - July 2024  Conducted exploratory data analysis on the Jio recharges dataset to identify patterns and built an API for it using FastAPI.  Made a sentiment analysis project and performed time series forecasting using ARIMA and SARIMAX models.  Developed a small language model project using Google Gemini for automated blog writing. PROJECTS Movie Reviews Sentiment Analysis Pandas, Matplotlib, Scikit-Learn, NLTK, Flask  Conducted exploratory data analysis on the IMDb reviews dataset to identify key trends and patterns..  Performed feature engineering using Count Vectorizer and TF-IDF.  Implemented and evaluated multiple prediction algorithms, including logistic regression, decision trees and random forest classifier. Used Hyper Parameter Tuning to optimize sentiment prediction, achieving an accuracy of 89.34%. E-Commerce Website Express.js, MongoDB, EJS, Javascript, Tailwind  Developed a robust backend application using Express and MongoDB, with EJS for dynamic rendering.  Implemented user authentication and authorization, including secure login and session management.  Designed and integrated add-to-cart functionality and an admin panel for product management. EXTRA-CURRICULARS International Society Of Automation, MUJ Content Writer  Created visually engaging promotional materials including posters and flyers to promote club events and activities.  Organized workshops and events with attendance ranging from 50 to 100 participants. techstars Startup Weekend Jaipur, MUJ Content Volunteer  Crafted engaging promotional messages and content for event marketing materials, including posters, social media posts, and emails.