Chetan Kumar B. Tech in Chemical Engineering Phone: +91 9660795443 Education Email: chetan 2001cb19@iitp.ac.in LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chetan-kumar-iitp/  Indian Institute of Technology(IIT) Patna (BTech in Chemical Engineering. CPI: 6.30 ) Patna, India July 2020 - May 2024 (Expected)  Gram Bharti College Ramgarh ( Bihar School Examination Board (12th)  DAV Public School Pusauli ( Central Board of Secondary Education (10th)) Kaimur, India June 2018 - Mar 2020 Kaimur(Bhabua), India June 2018 - Mar 2020 Accomplishments  Qualified JEE Advanced 2020 out of more than 0.16 million candidates.  Ranked as top 15 percentile out of more than 1.12 million candidates in JEE Mains 2020.  Gold medalist in High Jump at inter-school level  Silver Medalist in High Jump at District Level Projects  Forecasting the various Populations of Countries (Data Science, Classifier): Data Science Project Source Code  Extracted Population data from United Nation website. Using various algorithms (Decision Tree, Random Forest, SVM, etc.) to see which one best fits the data most accurately. Explored the data and provided insights and forecasts about population for various countries. Model has achieved a peak accuracy of 82  Analysis of Microplastic in Ganga River B. Tech Project under Dr. Mahendra Ram July 23- May 24  The main goal of the current study is to develop an efficient as well as reliable method to study the accumulation of microplastics .  Will classify the diverse type of microplastics based on shape, mass, color, and size from the soil sediment of the River Ganga.  Will be using the equipment Raman Spectrometer to analyse microplastics.  Presentation of Research Paper on Chemical Industries Chemical Process Technology CB305 Source Code  Read and Presented the Research Paper on Fibrous packaging paper made of oil palm fibre with BEESWAX-CHITOSAN solution to improve water resistance  Studied Coating the paper with beeswax-chitosan solution could improve water repellency due to the strong hydrophobicity of lipids or beeswax. Skills/Relevant coursework  Core Courses: Fluid Mechanics, Chemical Process Calculations, Mass and Heat Transfer, Process Equipment Design, Chemical Reaction Engineering, Introduction to Data Science, Mathematics, Transport Phenomena, Process Control and Instrumentation, Nanomaterials  Professional Skills: MATLAB, Aspen-Plus, COMSOL, Soft skills, Leadership, Event Management, Writing, Public Speaking, Time Management  Mathematics: Multivariable Calculus, Linear Algebra, Complex analysis, Differential Equations Volunteer Experience  Logistic Co-ordinator in Celesta IIT Patna 2022  Mentor at National Service Scheme (NSS) IIT Patna for 2022.  Active sports player in Tennis, Cricket, Volleyball  Coordinator in Anwesha IIT Patna 2022  As the Event Management coordinator for FeNIX at IIT Patna, I efficiently organized a diverse range of sporting events, like Cricket, volleyball, Basketball, Table tenis,Badminton etc, fostering competition and enhancing the student experience. My role contributed to the festivals success and enriched the academic environment at the Institute.