Raghav Jaiswal (cid:131) +91 8299274742 # raghavjj2002@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/Raghav Introduction I am an enthusiastic, diligent and highly motivated student with a passion for technology and coding. Punctuality, a level-headed approach, and multitasking are inherent traits that enable me to perform well in academics and extracurricular activities. It is my nature to be proactive and to be committed to ethical principles. As an analytical thinker, I enjoy solving complex problems and am committed to keep improving my technical and soft skills. Education Manipal University Jaipur BTech in Computer and Communication Engineering, Registration no. 219303030 Boys High School And College Senior Secondary Boys High School And College Secondary 2021 - Present Current CGPA: 7.94/10.0 2021 ICSE: 78% 2019 ICSE : 82% Accreditation Courses: DAA from NPTEL (July-Sept. 2023), Fundamentals of ML from AWS DeepRacer(in progress), C++ with DSA by Abdul Bari(Udemy), CCNAv7 : Introduction To Networks by Cisco Network Academy, Cisco: Endpoint Security(Nov. 2023) Skills Soft Skills: Adept, Level-Headed, Punctual, Multitasking Technical: C/C++, Java, Python, DSA, DAA, MySQL, Computer Networks, Machine Learning Tools: Git/GitHub, Unity, Unreal Engine-5, Tensorflow Projects Detection of Deepfake Photos and Videos | Pyhton, Pytorch, NumPy  Developed a deep learning model utilizing ResNext and LSTM architectures to combat the spread of misinformation.  Trained the model on a robust dataset of 7000 videos (sources: DFDC, Celeb-DF, FaceForensics) achieving 93% accuracy and a loss of 0.177.  Conducted training and testing on an 80/20 split to ensure model reliability. Lecture Q&A ChatBot | Python, BeautifulSoup4, Gemini API, FAISS, Lang Chain, StreamLit  Implemented web scraping to automatically extract structured content from lecture websites.  Leverages the Gemini API to power a conversational interface, allowing users to ask questions about the lecture material in their own words.  Employs text processing techniques and the FAISS vector store for efficient retrieval of relevant information to answer user queries.  Created a user-friendly chat interface with Streamlit. Endless Third-person plane game | Unity, Unity Asset Store  Developed an immersive endless arcade game featuring aircraft control, obstacle avoidance and high-score achievement; integrated dynamic gameplay elements that engaged players.  Used Unitys built-in Terrain System, Lightning and Skybox to make a captivating landscape.  Enhanced competitiveness by developing a dynamic scoreboard feature, integrated storage capability for player scores; leading to 20% longer average session duration.