Avinash Tripathi +91 6392217767 | avinashramtripathi2002@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub | Leetcode Education KIET Group Of Instituitions(AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering | SGPA:8.31 Gorakhpur Public School(CBSE) 70.6% in Senior Secondary Experience Ghaziabad, UP August 2021  May 2025 Gorakhpur, UP April 2020  April 2021 Web development Internship | Oasis Infobyte Virtual June 2024 Ghaziabad, UP  Developed responsive web applications using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, ensuring cross-browser compatibility and optimal user experience.  Utilized version control systems like Git for code management, facilitating collaboration and ensuring code integrity.  Gained theoretical knowledge of front-end development concepts, including , database management, and API development. .  Collaborated with front-end developers on projects to understand real-world implementation of frontend concepts in web applications. Internship | IIPC KIET Virtual March 2023 Ghaziabad, UP  Complete Knowledge about C/C++ with linear and Non linear data structure  Implement operations such as adding, deleting, updating, and searching for students within the database, ensuring robust error handling and efficient algorithms.  Apply modularity, error handling, and consider performance optimizations to create a reliable and maintainable system.  Use appropriate data structures (e.g., arrays, vectors) for storing and manipulating student records, considering efficiency and scalability. Projects Portfolio Website | HTML,CSS, JavaScript March 2024  Created a portfolio website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  portfolio, its essential to include key elements that showcase your work, skills, and professional background  Design an intuitive interface and look and dynamic. Restaurant Website | HTML, CSS,JAVASCRIPT February 2023  It is interactive and Intersting website where the focus will be on front-end development.  Demonstrated proficiency in HTML and CSS coding practices to create visually appealing and user-friendly webpages.  Use high-quality images of the restaurants interior, dishes, and ambiance to create an appealing visual experience. NewsApp | HTML, CSS, JavaScript,API  Created a NewsApp which give a user regularly-updated news from the internet .  Allow user to customize their feed. March 2024 Technical Skills Languages: C/C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: Bootstrap Developer Tools: Git, GitHub, VS Code Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating System, DBMS, OOPS, Computer Networks,Machine Learning Achievements Technical Achievements  Solved 400+ DSA problems across various coding platforms  Achieve 1600+ rating on Leetcode coding platforms  Earned a 3-star rating at CodeChef Leetcode Leetcode Codestudio GFG