Prajakta Ravindra Devkar Information Technology & AIMLdisciple, Application developer and DevOps enthusiast POC: +91-9324313754 prajaktadevkar1704@gmail.com Education Degree Institution Name Percentage /CGPA Year of Passing B.Tech Sem I 10 HSC(XII) Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Chembur 9.17 2025 Sem II 9.05 Sem III 9.22 Sem IV 8.52 Sem V 9.04 B.K. Birla College of Arts ,Commerce And Science 91.50 2021 Development intern, AIML, ACM-SAKEC, Mumbai May-Feb 2023 Experience Developed a diet recommendation system using Machine Learning With Django Framework Research in efficient AI models Working together with designers to turn plans into effective Product Web Development intern, Bharat Intern (Online) Aug-Sep 2023 Built A temperature convertor ad clone of Netflix homepage Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for both projects. Technical Skills HTML, CSS & JS Artificial intelligence and Machine Learning Python Java C Programming Soft Skills Time Management Communication Adaptibility Problem solving Leadership Teamwork Attention to detail Hotel Management System, Java Project Works Developed a Hotel Management System with a user-friendly interface for managing bookings, check-ins, check-outs, and room assignments. Designed and implemented a robust database schema to handle various aspects of hotel management. Integrated logging mechanisms to track system activities and provide audit trails. Hospital Management System, Python Created a Hospital Management System featuring a user-friendly interface for managing appointments, patient history, and medications. Implemented role-based access control to restrict user privileges. Utilized the date-time module to handle date and time operations. Fruit & Vegetable Recognition System, Python-Django Developed a Fruit & Vegetable Recognition System using Python-Django to distinguish between different fruits and vegetables based on visual features. Employed image augmentation and normalization techniques to enhance recognition accuracy. Provided real-time feedback on the recognized product. Certifications Python & Machine Learning - Udemy Git Training, Database Design - Spoken Tutorial Java - Amar Sir JavaScript - Coursera TensorFlow for AI - Coursera ReactJS - GreatLearning Academy I, hereby declare that all the information provided above is correct of my best knowledge