ANSHI SANGANI (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/anshisangani # anshisangani48@gmail.com Last Updated in July, 2024 Education Manipal University Jaipur B.tech., Computer Science Puna International School Skills July 2025 CGPA: 7.82 March 2021 Percentage: 74.4% Languages: C, C# , Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, MySQL, MATLAB Frameworks and Libraries: ASP.NET MVC, React, Node.js Work Experience Propix Technologies  Software Development and Testing June-July 2024  Recognized global leader in high quality Machine vision systems and world-class Track and Trace technologies.  ASP.NET: Developed web forms and MVC web applications for an employment management system, implementing CRUD operations utilizing object-oriented programming principles in C#.  .NET Architecture: Acquired in-depth knowledge of .NET framework, enhanced application design and scalability. Cropel International pvt. ltd.  Product Management June-July 2023  FMCG company specializing in peanut butter, wafer biscuits, muesli, and chikki.  Conducted market research and competitive analysis to inform product decisions, go-to-market strategies, and participated in user testing and feedback sessions to gather insights and improve product features.  Assisted the Marketing Manager in managing a stall at IHFF Exhibition23 over a 3-day period. Projects Fielders | Research paper 2024  Security Attack Analysis in Software-Defined Networking (SDN).  Conducted an in-depth exploration of SDN evolution, components, architecture, and functionalities, analyzed security attacks, evaluated existing measures, and proposed enhancements to improve network security. Trailers | HTML, CSS, JavaScript 2023  A movie-watching website allows users to stream or download movies and TV shows, offering convenient access to entertainment content through HTML for structuring.  The website provides centralized access to extensive film and TV libraries, with CSS for styling and JavaScript for interactive, responsive design, ensuring an optimal viewing experience across devices. Volunteering experience IEEE Club | Marketing Head  Orchestrated and executed 15+ events, showcasing effective leadership and organizational skills Model United Nations | USG Promotions  Led and empowered a team of 30+ members, ensuring collaborative success and optimal team performance. Oneiros X techideate | Hospitality Head  MUJs biggest cultural and tech fest which was an extravaganza of talent, creativity, and culture, showcasing the vibrant spirit of our campus community. Extra-Curricular Activities Learning new foreign language - French and Korean Graphic designing - Canva, Figma and Adobe photoshop