SOMNATH TIWARI C O N TACT 9305944495 somnath.tiwari0902@gmail.com github.com/ganitmaster linkedin.com/in/somnath-tiwari- 167001227 K E Y SKILLS Python MySQL Power BI RDBMS Statistics Machine Learning MS Office Problem Solving Data Analytics Team Work E D U CATION B.TECH (CSE) FET, Gurukul Kangri Vishwavidyalay 2020 - 2024 CGPA - 8.77 Senior Secondary S G V Inter College, Nawabganj 2017 - 2019 Percentage - 82.4 L A N GUAGES English Hindi H O B BIES Poetry Drawing FRESH GRADUATE P R O FILE Enthusiastic and detail-oriented Data Analyst with a strong foundation in statistical analysis, data visualization, and database management. Proficient in SQL, Python, and Power BI, with hands-on experience in analyzing complex datasets to uncover actionable insights. Seeking to leverage analytical skills and technical expertise in a dynamic organization to drive business growth and efficiency. C O U RSES AND C E R T I F I C A T I ON S Machine Learning | Internshala Trainings June 2022 - July 2022 The training consisted of Data, Introduction to Python, Data Exploration and Pre-Processing and Machine Learning algorithms. Data Science with Python | Great Learning Feb 2023 - April 2023 Course consisted of Python programming, Statistics, Data pre- processing and many more of data science topics. P R O JECTS E-Commerce Sales Analysis June 2024 Perform SQL queries to analyze sales trends, customer behavior, and product performance. Used Python for data manipulation and visualization (e.g., pandas, matplotlib, seaborn). Some insights extracted like total sales per category, cumulative sales per month for each year, year-over-year growth rate of total sales. Hotel Booking Cancellation Analysis July 2024 Used Python for Exploratory Data Analysis and visualizations (e.g., pandas, matplotlib, seaborn). Analyzing the graphs, extracted some meaningful like Reservation Cancellation Rates, Average Daily Rates, Price and Cancellation Relationship etc. Implement dynamic pricing strategies to reduce cancellations due to high prices. insights Data Visualization: Empowering Business with effective insights Forage - Tata Group August 2024 Cleaned dataset using Power Query editor and created interactive dashboards and visualizations using Power BI. Extracted the information analyzing dashboards - time series of the revenue data, top 10 countries generating the highest revenue, top 10 customers by revenue and regions have high demand for the products.