Sachin kumar Contact No:- 9953057679 E-Mail:- sachinmehta7290@gmail.com Digital Marketing Executive/ Ecommerce Executive Location Preference: Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida PROFILE SUMMARY Dedicated and results-driven SEO Specialist with 6 years of experience in performing keyword research, developing and implementing digital promotional strategies, managing social media campaigns, and increasing website rankings. Adept in utilizing various SEO tools and techniques to optimize web presence. Known for a strategic approach in managing ecommerce operations and enhancing customer experiences. Proven track record of driving performance and achieving business objectives. Social Media Optimization SEO Friendly Design Technical SEO Search Engine Optimization Google Analytics Search Console Off Page Optimization On Page Optimization Keyword Research CORE COMPETENCIES  Devising web-marketing strategies that have elevated brands from relative obscurity generated leads/revenue and increased profits in competitive markets.  Analyzing and researching keywords related to the website through keywords research tools.  Conducting competitor analysis to identify improvements as well as an increase in visibility and ranking.  Conducting regular research into the industry to keep abreast of latest Google updates, Search Ranking Factor, Digital trends, marketing advancements. ORGANIZATIONAL AND WORK DETAILS Freelance Projects (Augt 2023 - Present)  Mahasri Photo Studio at SEO Developer :- I developed and managed the website, ensuring optimal performance and user experience. I conducted comprehensive keyword research and implemented SEO strategies to enhance search engine visibility. Additionally, I created and optimized web content, improving site rankings and driving organic traffic. I also handled domain setup and maintenance, ensuring seamless operation and security 1 P A G  Happy Moment Photography as SEO Marketer :- I led the development and content management of the website, focusing on enhancing user engagement and site aesthetics. I implemented on-page and off-page SEO tactics to increase website traffic and improve search engine rankings. I managed the websites technical SEO, including site audits and optimization for core web vitals. Furthermore, I coordinated with the client to ensure alignment with business objectives and brand identity. SEO Analyst at SeamFriendly LLP :- (October19- July23) Responsibilities  Using Google Search Console and other platforms performed detailed keyword research in order to identify and analyze current market trends.  Developed and implemented digital marketing strategies which significantly increased the website's ranking and attracted more potential customers to the website.  Managed and reviewed all website content in order to optimize it.  Evaluated and monitored campaigns' performance; provided beneficial advice and support to colleagues.  Recommended changes to website architecture, content and linking to improve SEO positions for target keywords. Tracked, reported and analyzed website analytics to drive strategy and improve user experience. Incorporated XML sitemaps, robots.txt files and 301 redirects to facilitate search engine spidering, crawling and indexing.   Maintained Google and Bing Webmaster Tools accounts and monitored for crawling  and indexing issues. Collaborated with a team to investigate critical SEO-related issues and provided impactful solutions. SEO Executive at Exotic India Art - (Januray19-September19)  Compiled all the SEO resources and tasks and performed On-Page and Off-Page Optimization  Developed and implemented quality link-building strategies.  Performed research and analysis on competitor websites and optimized the company SEO campaign accordingly  Regularly performed website analysis, keyword research, mapping and assessed link building opportunities for US based websites. Ecommerce Executive At-Creative Width Design (April18-March,19)  Conducted product research and assisted in the selection of new products to be added to the e-commerce catalog.  Maintained product listings, ensuring accuracy in product descriptions, images, and pricing.  Coordinated with the logistics team to ensure timely order fulfillment and shipping.  Assisted in the preparation of sales reports and presented findings to the management team. 2 P A G EDUCATION: Course University/Board Percentage (%) BA Delhi University 52 12th 10th CBSE CBSE 55 76 Certification  Certification in Digital Marketing From DSIM.  Certification in Google Ads.  Certified With Google Analytics Academy  Google unlocked to learn digital marketing. TECHNICAL SKILLS:  SEM (Search Engine Marketing)  SMO (Social Media Optimization)  Google Analytics.  Proficient with: MS OFFICE (Excel, Word and PowerPoint) , Spreadsheet TOOLS & SOFTWARE:  Google Ads, Google Analytics. Google Webmaster, Google Tag Manager, Data Studio  Moz, SEMrush Auditor, SEO Quake, Alexa, Various other SEO Tools. PERSONAL INFORMATION:  Date of Birth  Nature  Marital Status  Language is known : English, Hindi.  Field of Interest for Job  Preferred Job Location : Delhi/NCR : SEM, SEO, SMO : 01/03/1996 : Hard Working, Positive attitude. : Married Date: Place: New Delhi 3 P A G