VIBHU JANGRA +91-7357932005 jangravibhu123@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/vibhu-jangra-0117542b4 SUMMARY A Software Engineer who loves working on web development, machine learning, and creating useful software. I enjoy solving tricky problems and coming up with smart, practical solutions. Ive built and maintained websites, used machine learning to make predictions, and worked with various technologies. Im comfortable handling all parts of software development, from designing and coding to testing and refining. Always eager to learn and improve, I focus on delivering reliable and effective solutions. EDUCATION kendriya vidyalaya class 10 80.8% Class 12 80.4% Manipal University Jaipur B.TEch (Hons) in Computer Science Engineering with IOT and Intelligent System 7.45 SKILLS Programming Languages: Python, JavaScript, Java, C Web Development: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React AI/ML: Introductory experience with TensorFlow and scikit-learn; good understanding of machine learning, deep learning concepts and data preprocessing Tools & Technologies: Google Colab, SQL for database management, Visual Studio Code as an IDE Software Development: Knowledge of Agile methodologies; Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) Relational Database Management (RDBMS): SQL Proficiency MySQL and SQLite Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA): Proficient in arrays, lists, stacks, queues, trees, graphs, and hash tables. Experienced with sorting and searching algorithms, dynamic programming, and greedy algorithms. Applied DSA concepts in coding challenges, academic projects, and algorithmic problem-solving. Object-Oriented Programming (OOP): Experience with OOPS in academics schedule and academic related projects Computer Networks: Computer Networks: Knowledgeable in OSI/TCP-IP models, TCP/IP protocols, IP addressing, subnetting, routers, switches, firewalls, network security, and Cisco Packet Tracer Systems Experience with linked CERTIFICATIONS Introduction Oracle Academy Database Foundations Certification, 15th April 2023 Cisco Networking Academy CCNAv7: to Networks(administered by the undersigned instructor), 18 Apr 2024 Red Hat Enterprise Linux Automation with Ansible (RH294), April 12, 2023 Red Hat System Administration I (RH124) ,April 12, 2023 CCNAv7: Introduction to Networks, 30 May 2024 CCNAv7: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials, 31 May 2024 CCNAv7: Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation,31 May 2024 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Projects Implemented Developed a stock trading and analysis system using Python, integrating machine learning models (LSTM and GRU) for stock price prediction. Implemented features for stock transactions, data preprocessing, and prediction evaluation, including real-time decision-making for buying and selling stocks. Developed a project management system (in a team) and library management system (alone) using PHP, JavaScript, and CSS with a relational database management system (RDBMS). Implemented features for managing projects and library resources, ensuring efficient data handling and user interface design. Developed a people counting system using Python and OpenCV, capable of processing video from Wi-Fi cameras, webcams, and video tracked files. individuals, and displayed results with bounding boxes. Developed a gesture-based input system using Python, OpenCVto detect hand gestures and simulate mouse clicks. Implemented real- time hand tracking, touch detection between thumb and index finger, and integrated with pyautogui for click simulation. Developed a secure messaging system with user authentication and AES-encrypted messaging using Python, including custom password hashing, RSA key generation, and AES encryption/decryption. Developed academic projects using DSA, OOP and Computer Networks concepts, such as a To-Do List Manager, Student Gradebook System, and Library Catalog. Demonstrated skills in efficient data handling, object-oriented design, and practical problem-solving. real-time pedestrian detection,