SARTHAK SRIVASTAVA (cid:211) +91 9120616821 sarthaksri044@gmail.com SarthakSrivastava EDUCATION Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science , CGPA - 7.93 Sarawati Vidya Mandir Senoir Secondary School Class XII, CBSE EXPERIENCE Coding Arena Private Limited Full Stack Development Intern Nov. 2021 - May 2025(Expected) Ghaziabad, IN April 2018 - April 2020 Sultanpur, IN Sep. 2023 - Nov. 2023 Remote  Created Instructor Module using ReactJS,Express.js,Node.js,MongoDB , resulting in a 20% efficiency improvement.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to improve the curriculum, leading to a 15% increase in course engagement.  Implemented advanced features to enhance module functionality and reduced troubleshooting time by 10% through dedicated support. Cloud Computing Cell Coordinator and React Developer Nov. 2021 - Present Ghaziabad, IN  Working with a team of 45 members for cultivating technical activities and managing projects.  Contributed to ReactJS projects for improved user experiences.  Organized multiple workshop and technical events on campus, each attracting 200+ students. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C/C++, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Nodejs. Developer Tools: Git, Github,VS Code,Postman,Docker. Frameworks and Databases: Bootstrap, Reactjs, Redux,Angular Expressjs, MongoDB. CourseWork: Data Structures, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Operating System, DBMS, AI. PROJECTS JobQuest | Project Link  Enabled job postings management, application review, and company profile handling. .  Provided profile management, job search/apply features, and resume upload.  Integrated advanced search filters, real-time application status updates, and a responsive design.  Tech stack used to develop this application is Reactjs,Node.Js,Express.Js and MongoDB. SmartEdify | Project Link May 2024 July 2023  Implemented user authentication and authorization with email, OTP, and forgot password features.  Developed course management system for instructors, enabling content creation and media handling.  Utilized Cloudinary for efficient storage and management of media content.  Tech stack used to develop this application is Node.Js,Express.Js and MongoDB. CCC Website | Project Link December 2022  Developed and launched a website for our society CCC, showcasing our projects and initiatives.  Tech stack used to develop this application is ReactJs,Node.Js,Express.Js and MongoDB. ACHIEVEMENTS  Qualified in the Internal Smart India Hackathon conducted by the University.  Secured 6th position in the Paradigm Hackathon held at SNU.  Achieved finalist position in the Sphinx Hackathon held at MNIT Jaipur.  Secured 5th rank in the Blockverse organized by the Blockchain Research Lab at the college. PROFILE LINKS  LeetCode  CodeChef  Portfolio  GitHub