ADITYA PATHAK My Contact adityapathak1108@gmail.com 8303350070 Ghaziabad, India www.linkedin.com/in/ aditya-pathak-8aaa08232 Skills Java Data Structure and Algorithms Problem Solving Leadership Communication Education Background KIET Group of Institution Computer Science Engineering (AI&ML) 7.8 SGPA Appearing Government Polytechnic Jaunpur Electronic and communication engineering 78.85% Completed in 2022 Udai Pratap Public School CBSE Board 66.33% Completed in 2019 Achievements Projects UTILITY : HUB UtilityHub is a revolutionary app that brings all our utility needs under one roof. Technologies Used: JavaScript/TypeScript: These will be the primary programming languages for frontend development. JavaScript will handle the interactivity and functionality of the web application, while TypeScript can be used for static typing and enhanced development experience. React.js or Vue.js: Similar to Android development, these frameworks will serve as the frontend frameworks for building dynamic and responsive user interfaces. HTML/CSS: HTML provides the structure of web pages, while CSS handles the styling and layout. They'll be used for designing the user interface, replacing XML layouts. Bootstrap or Tailwind CSS: These frontend frameworks can be used to accelerate the styling process and ensure consistent design across the application. SAP REVIEWS Conducted sentiment analysis on product reviews using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques. Developed algorithms to classify reviews into positive, negative, or neutral sentiments. Technologies Used: Python for data analysis and machine learning. Natural Language Processing libraries such as NLTK or spaCy. 5 start in java at HackerRank. Awarded "Man of the Match" in the Colony Cricket Tournament for outstanding performance. Internship BHARAT INTERN 10-2023  10-2023 Key responsibilities: Certifications CISCO NETWORKING ACADEMY Programming Essentials In C language App Development. Managed time efficiently in order to complete all tasks within deadlines.