NARKEDIMILLI GAGAN SRIKAR www.linkedin.com/in/gagan-srikar-0b38661ba srikar7534@gmail.com PROFILE 8639640744  jaggampeta, Andha pradhesh .  Computer science graduate eager to apply skills over three months of work experience, including an internship aspiring Machine Learning Engineer with Deep Learning Expertise specialized in developing models for computer vision applications. EDUCATION Parul University (PU) - Vadodara, Gujarat Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Specialization in Artificial Intelligence  Major GPA: 7.81/10.00  Took part in placement cell and various events as a student coordinator. 2020-2024 TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: C, Python, Oops,Machine Learning,Deep Learning,Html, CSS, java script, XML. Tools: Numpy,Pandas,SciPY,Matplotlib. Frame works/Api: React js,React Native.     Operating Systems: Windows / Windows server, Kali Linux  Database: Mysql, DBMS. EXPERIENCE Software Intern Innoridge Solutions Solving a bugs.   Collaborated with other engineers on product development tasks. Social distancing using computer vision. Intel  Gained the experience in domains like machine Learning.  Worked In Google collab and enhace my skills. PROJECTS College Advisor Hyderabad, India. Dec 2023  Mar 2024. Vadodara, India.. June 2023 - July 2023  Developing a college selection system for personalized recommendations,utilizing data analysis and user-friendly interfaces.  Helping individuals find the best college and stream that aligns with their preferences and goals. Event A.I  React-based application its a user-friendly interface for seamless event bookings.  The Project aims to facilitate easy interactions between vendors and users,ensuring a smooth and efficient booking experience. CERTIFICATES  Certification of SQL - Hacker Rank  Certification of Cloud Computing  Ai-900  Certification of python  Hacker Rank  Certification of IOT - NPTEL EXTRACURRICULARS  Runner up in CODEMAP event which is one of the technical event conducted by gujarats largest technical fest called PROJECTIONS.  Hosted a non-technical event in PROJECTIONS fest.  Part of the coding club and hacking club in the university.