DHANUSH BITRA +91 7207807810  HYDERABAD dhanushbitra@outlook.com  Linkedin  Github EDUCATION Indian Institute of Information Technology, Kottayam Bachelor of Technology: Computer Science and Engineering. Aug 2021 - Apr 2025 CGPA: 8.43 SKILLS Programming Languages Python ,Javascript ,C++ ,C Technical Skills Data Science Libraries Data Management Tools Machine Learning ,NLP ,Deep Learning ,MySQL ,Tableau ,GCP ,React.js ,Node.js Tensorflow,spaCy,NLTK,Scikit-Learn,Keras,NumPy,Pandas,MatplotLib,MLflow Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Warehousing, Feature Engineering Git,GitHub EXPERIENCE Software Development Intern Ford Motor Company May 2024 - Present Chennai,India  Developed a specialized chatbot by fine tuning BERT model,to provide support on how and when to use Ford car features,and provide regional management contacts, ensuring accurate responses.  Designed and developed an intuitive, user-friendly interface using React, facilitating seamless interaction PROJECTS Stock Sentiment Analyzer - Try it now  Developed and implemented a robust sentiment analysis model for financial news headlines by fine-tuning BERT on a hybrid dataset comprised of Financial Phrasebank and Zeroshot Twitter data.  Implemented a systematic approach to weekly feature updates by scraping new articles,retraining the model, and deploying the latest version if it outperformed the prior iteration, ensuring continuous improvement. Adenocarcinoma Detection  This project was created by fine-tuning the VGG16 model for the detection of Adenocarcinoma.  Optimized training parameters,leveraging MLflow to achieve peak performance, boasting an impressive accu- racy of 98.07%. Furthermore, the model exhibits exceptional efficiency with a remarkably low loss of 0.00034.  Implemented a Data Version Control (DVC) pipeline to efficiently manage and mitigate the need for repet- itive pipeline runs, streamlining the development process and enhancing overall productivity. Text Summarizer  End-to-End text summarization solution integrating robust data pipelines for ingestion,validation,transformation and prediction with an accuracy of 89%.  Developed by finetuning transformer-based model Pegasus for abstractive summarization. Implemented a user-friendly interface with FastAPI for easy interaction. Plant Disease Classification  Developed a CNN model for the automated detection of potato diseases,which utilizes a combination of convolutional layers, max-pooling layers, and fully connected layers to extract intricate features.  Achieved robust classification performance with an accuracy of 94% on a dataset containing images of healthy potatoes and potatoes affected by various diseases COMMUNITY AND LEADERSHIP Co-Mentor, College Gymnasium  Addressed gym concerns, fostering a positive environment, and collaborated to improve member satisfaction and gym experience. CERTIFICATIONS  Machine Learning Specialization-Coursera  Tensorflow Developer Certificate -Coursera  Tableau Fundamentals -DataCamp  The Complete Python Bootcamp -Udemy