 nagasai8282 | (cid:239) challapalli Nagasai | # nagasaichallapalli@srmap.edu.in | H +91 7815982825 Challapalli Naga Sai Summary Motivated and skilled B.Tech student with a solid foundation in web development, Python programming, and machine learning. Proven ability to manage and lead projects, develop intuitive user interfaces, and apply data-driven solutions. Seeking to leverage technical skills and leadership abilities in a challenging role at a forward-thinking organization., click here. Skills Programming Languages: C, C++, Python, Java, Data structures Developer Tools:: Web Development: Soft Skills: Jupyter Notebook, VS Code HTML, CSS, JavaScript,PHP,SQL,React, DBMS, Django Time management,Communication, Adaptability,Problem-solving,Teamwork sees Internships Front-End Development Intern at Prodigy InfoTech.  Developed some Dynamic interactive web projects using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Designed responsive layouts that adapt seamlessly to various screen sizes.  Implemented interactive features using JavaScript for applications like Tic Tac Toe and a weather app.  Created a dynamic portfolio website and landing page, showcasing strong web development skills. Jan 2024 - Feb 2024 Projects Restaurant Management System Jan 2024 - Feb 2024  Developed a user-friendly web app to enhance restaurant operations using HTML, CSS, JS, PHP, and DBMS.  Created intuitive front-end interfaces and managed back-end logic with PHP.  Conducted user testing and implemented feedback for continuous improvement. Snake and Ladder Multi-User Game  Built a Python-based simulation of the classic Snake and Ladder game.  Implemented game logic, including dice rolls using the random module, and visual board representation.  Demonstrated proficiency in Python, game development concepts, and teamwork. Aug 2022 - Dec 2022 Jan 2024 - May 2024 Multiple Disease Prediction Using ML  Created a disease prediction website using Python and machine learning algorithms (Logistic Regression, SVM, Naive Bayes, Random Forest).  Built a user-friendly interface for input and output of disease likelihood predictions.  Showcased skills in data analysis, model building, and web development. Education 2021 - present B-tech (Computer Science Engineering) at SRM University AP (CGPA: 7.51/10.0) 2021 (Marks:812) (GPA: 8.5/10.0) 2019 CClass 12th Board of Intermediate Education AP Class 10th Board of Secondary Education AP Research Projects Aug 2023 - Dec 2023 Student Technical Progress Analyser  Led the development of a mobile app for monitoring student progress using Figma for UI/UX design, React Native for the front-end, and MongoDB for the backend.  Enabled professors to visualize student progress through intuitive graphs.  Demonstrated expertise in UI/UX design, mobile app development, and data visualization. Last updated: July 11, 2024