sruthiiieee.s@gmail.com 6374013104 github.com/sruthixs linkedin.com/in/sruthixs Sruthi S EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Business Systems [CGPA : 8.62/10] PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 2021  2025 Spectrum7 Technologies Private Limited, Technical Intern Jun 2023  Jul 2023 Recruited as a technical intern to learn and contribute to technology projects, gaining experience in web development and Excel. Created and maintained websites, and managed time sheets to improve project tracking and productivity. Skills Acquired : HTML | CSS | JavaScript | Excel | Project Management | Communication PROJECTS 1. AUDIO BOOK, Journey Through Sound Jun 2023 Developed a Python-based Audiobook application aimed at enhancing accessibility for visually impaired audiences by converting PDFs into audio files. The project not only facilitates convenient access to content but also employs technologies such as PyPDF2 and g-Text to Speech for seamless conversion. Tech Stack : Python, Python Libraries (PyPDF2, g-Text To Speech), HTML, CSS 2. BUS_QR Check, Simplifying School/College Transit Dec 2023 Developed a real-time QR code scanner for bus departures in schools and colleges. This project enhances bus departure tracking and ensures efficiency and timely scheduling with user friendly interface for bus operators. Minimizing manual tracking efforts for bus operators by 40%. Tech Stack : React, CSS, Mongo db 3. Finance Ventures, Budgeting App [Website Link : https://finance-ventures.vercel.app/] Apr 2024 Crafted a budgeting app with React for precise expense tracking and personalized financial goal-setting. Enhanced user experience for efficient budget management and goal attainment, ensuring smooth financial journeys for users. Tech Stack : React, JavaScript, CSS. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages : Java, Python Frontend : React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Backend : Node JS, Express JS Database : MySQL, Mongo DB Management : Excel, Business Intelligence Version Control : Git and GitHub ACHIEVEMENTS Technical Symposium Led the Content Team for my department's Technical Symposium, managing content creation and event agenda. Handled registration and promoted the event with fellow students, ensuring smooth operations and high attendance. CERTIFICATES Foundation of Data Science by Google Intro to Business Management by Kings University Cyber Security Essentials by Cisco Networking Academy LEADERSHIP / EXTRACURRICULAR Co - founded and manage a running community to initiatively address those who are in need of essential items and support - Non-Profit Organization.