Noida, Uttar Pradesh| +91 8826485977 | rohit186201@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub | Portfolio Rohit Rawat EXPERIENCE Software Engineer Intern  Cloud Science Labs, Greater Noida Aug 2024  Present Conducted thorough testing, debugging, and development of Salesforce and Odoo software applications, ensuring high-quality releases and reducing bug reports by 20%. Collaborated with development teams to design, develop, and implement test plans, test cases, and application features, optimizing performance and scalability in a cloud environment, and enhancing the overall efficiency of both the QA and development processes.   Full Stack Trainee - QSpiders, Noida Mar 2024  June 2024   Enhanced user engagement by 30% through improved UI/UX design and implemented robust backend services using Node.js and Express.js, reducing response time by 25%. Designed and executed unit tests, increasing code coverage to 85%, and leveraged Git and Jenkins for version control and continuous integration, streamlining the deployment process by 40%. PROJECTS  Shopping Time (React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript)    Developed a Women's Fashion shopping web application with features for adding, removing, and adjusting product quantities, with a detailed cart overlay displaying product attributes. Implemented category filtering, attribute selection, and a multi-step checkout process with form validations for error prevention and smooth transactions. Enabled multiple currency options to cater to a global customer base, ensuring a flexible and user-friendly shopping experience.  Video-Caption-Generator (HTML, React.js, Tailwind.css, Web Assembly)   Developed and implemented a cutting-edge video captions generator application from scratch using the latest technologies, including React.js, Tailwind.css, NLP, and Web Assembly. Implemented the solution using Python and TensorFlow, processing over 10,000 videos.  Parallelizing-RSA-cryptosystem (Python, C++)    Parallelized RSA implementation to leverage distributed or multi-core systems. Proposed a method incorporating the Montgomery Reduction algorithm and designed the Parallel Indexed List to be thread- safe and shareable among multiple worker threads, facilitating encryption and decryption processes. Achieved a speedup factor of up to 4.5 compared to a standard RSA implementation. SKILLS Technologies Used To: C/C++, Python, JavaScript, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, REST API Familiar with: Java, PHP, Django, Spring Boot    Database: MySQL, MongoDB  Coursework: Operating System, Computer Networking, DBMS, System Design, OOPS, Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA), Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, Software Testing and Quality Assurance, SDLC Tools: Proficiency with Git, Selenium, Excel, Unix/Linux Interpersonal: Solution-oriented professional, Technology Enthusiast, Rapid and Adaptive Learner, Skilled Collaborator. Cloud: Salesforce, Google Cloud    ACADEMICS   Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (GGSIPU), Noida (June 2022  July 2024) MCA, Computer Science Ambedkar Institute of Technology (GGSIPU), New Delhi (June 2019  May 2022) BCA, Computer Science, CGPA: 8.54 OTHERS    Scored 104th rank in CodeHaven 2023 Central Indias Biggest Coding Contest. 150+ DSA Questions solved on LeetCode and Level 7 coder on Code360. Football player and follower, cricket enthusiast, and an avid DC comic book reader.