PRIYANKA PATWAL priyankapatwal789@gmail.com | 8287436903 | linkedin.com/in/priyanka-patwal-72a0b525b| github.com/priyankapatwal A result - driven and resourceful student with an interest in machine learning, artificial intelligence & data analytics & front-end development, who is always yearning to encounter new experiences and constantly learn. EDUCATION Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Uttar Pradesh 2021 - 2025 Bachelor of Technology (CSE-AIML) | CGPA  8.22/ 10 S. S. Children Academy, Uttar Pradesh 2019 - 2021 10th Examination Score  90.2% | 12th Examination Score  83.4% WORK EXPERIENCE DS & ML Intern  Bharat Intern July 2023 - August 2023  Worked on different machine learning projects like house prediction and wine quality prediction.  Predicted quality and prices of products with the help of different algorithms like linear regression, decision trees, etc. and created models with the best accuracy results with the given parameters. Implemented cross-validation techniques to assess model performance and prevent overfitting.  Intern  Vodafone Idea Foundation, _VOIS & AICTE October 2023 - November 2023  Hands-on learning experience of 7 focused technologies with different courses with one -to- one expert sessions from the veterans of the industry  Worked on a project based on the focused technologies learnt, such as technologies in Python for data analysis and machine learning tasks, including libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and Keras. PROJECTS Skin Disease Classification on HAM10000 Site March24 -May24 Built a skin disease classification website on using Python (Machine Learning) for backend logic and Flask framework for web development, with skin disease predictor and symptoms generator. Employed machine learning models to classify skin diseases based on uploaded images.   Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to design an intuitive and user-friendly interface for image uploading and result display. Integrated trained machine learning models into the website to provide real-time disease classification.  Prediction Models July 2023-August 2023 Built different prediction models using machine learning libraries like NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow, and Keras. House Price Prediction   Wine Quality Prediction  Diabetes Prediction Front end projects May2023  June 2023   Expanding cards Developed an Expanding Card using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create an interactive user interface. It aims to enhance user engagement by providing a visually appealing and intuitive way to navigate through information or options. Infinity Scroller Developed an Infinity Scroller using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a dynamic and responsive web application. It aims to provide an intuitive and engaging way for users to explore a large collection of content by continuously loading new items as the user scrolls down the page. CERTIFICATIONS  Machine Learning with Python (With Honors)  Coursera Certifications  Getting Started with AI using IBM Watson  Coursera Certifications  JavaScript Essentials  Infosys Springboard Certifications SKILLS & INTERESTS Skills: DSA, Front-end, Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Matplotlib, Scikit, NumPy, Pandas), Artificial Intelligence, React Languages: Python, SQL, C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Technologies: GitHub, Visual Studio, Tableau Databases: MySQL, MongoDB Interests: Volleyball, Painting, Art, and Craft