NAGA VISHNU G +91 8279717774  Mundlapadu, Andhra Pradesh nagavishnug@srmap.edu.in  www.linkedin.com/in/naga-vishnu-g-08924a225 OBJECTIVE Seeking a challenging position in a reputed organization where I can learn and grow, contributing my skills and enthusiasm to achieve company goals EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology, SRM University(A.P) Relevant Coursework: Database Management Systems,Programming Languages,Computer Networks. Expected 2025 Higher Secondary(CBSE), Dr. KLP Public School, Guntur Matriculation(CBSE), Kendriya Vidyalaya, Haldwani Cantt SKILLS Technical Skills Soft Skills Python, Java, C++, My Sql Communication, Teamwork, Critical Thinking,Time Management 2019 - 2021 2019 EXPERIENCE Amazon Web Services-Cloud Computing APSSDC Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh  Worked on real-world projects, solving Amazon-specific challenges.  Acquired practical skills in cloud computing, including deployment, scalability, and security.  Strengthened understanding of AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, and RDS. PROJECTS Online Voting System Using Java Developed an Online Voting System using Java Swing. The application provides a user-friendly interface for voters to cast their votes for one of three parties. It includes features such as data entry fields for voters name and phone number, radio buttons for party selection, and buttons for submitting votes and resending the form. The system maintains a count of votes for each party, demonstrating proficiency in GUI development and event handling in Java. Addmission Management System in c++ The admission project is a console application that helps colleges to better facilitate and manage the admission process of students. The admission project can store and retrieve students personal, academic and fee related data in a text file. Python Helpdesk Using Python A helpdesk is a resource that provides support and information to customers or end users of a product or service. A Python helpdesk is a helpdesk system that is built using Python or interacts with Python applications. LANGUAGES  English  Telugu  Hindi