Aryaman Sarmah 9650088611 | sarmaharyaman244@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/aryaman-sarmah-935506223 | https://github.com/Aryaman173 Summary Experienced in data analysis and Front End Web Development. Proficient in extracting insights from complex datasets, I excel in transforming raw data into actionable intelligence using advanced tools. Seeking opportunities to contribute my skills to innovative, data-driven projects. Technical Skills Languages: R, SQL, Python, Java, C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP. Frameworks: Python Notebook, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, Power BI, Google Colab, VS Code. Expertise Area: Data Analysis, Data Analytics, Web Development(FrontEnd). Soft Skills: Leadership, Event Management, Writing, Public Speaking, Time Management. Experience Student Intern Telecommunications Consultants India Limited May 2024 - June 2024  Gained experience in data visualization and communication skills by creating charts, graphs and presentations to deliver findings to stakeholders.  Worked in a Government Tender Project regarding installation of CCTV cameras. Python Developer EbixCash July 2024 - Present  Utilized API keys to integrate third-party services and data sources into LangChain applications.  Analyzed and interpreted data to improve prompt performance and model accuracy. Projects Blogging Website  Developed an innovative blogging website utilizing HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP to ensure a seamless user experience with an attractive and responsive design.  Implemented dynamic features using JavaScript for an engaging user environment and PHP for a robust backend, facilitating efficient data management and secure user authentication. IPL Analysis  Analyzed IPL match data till 2019 using Python and data visualization, extracting insights on match outcomes, team performance, and player contributions.  Proficient in data manipulation and utilizing visualization libraries (pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn) to deliver comprehensive and insightful analyses. Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech in Information Technology CGPA- 7.63 ASN SR SEC SCHOOL Class 12 -89.2%, Class 10 -92% Position of Responsibility Class Representative Manipal University Jaipur Jaipur, India 2021 - 2025 Delhi, India 2021 2022 -2024  Collaborated with faculty members to address academic and administrative issues affecting the class.  Acted as a liaison between students and faculty, addressing and resolving 15+ student concerns, facilitating communication for a more harmonious learning environment. Sports Head ASN SR SEC SCHOOL 2017-2021  Led and organized sports activities and events, managing logistics, scheduling and coordination of various sports teams to ensure smooth and successful athletic programs.  Being an avid Tennis player myself, fostered team spirit and athletic excellence by mentoring student athletes, promoting sportsmanship, collaborating with coaches to develop training programs that elevate performance and increase participation.