Siddharth Upadhyay (cid:131) +91 7607442264 # siddharthupadhyay2503@gmail.com  github.com (cid:239) linkedin.com Education KIET Group of Institutions(AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology(7.5 CGPA) November 2021 - 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya(CBSE) Senior Secondary Education in Science(88 percent) Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya(CBSE) Higher Secondary Education(90 percent) Projects April 2019 - May 2020 Bhadohi, Uttar Pradesh April 2017 - March 2018 Bhadohi, Uttar Pradesh Chat-App | NodeJS, HTML,TailwindCSS, ReactJS, MongoDB | Link Individual Project  Empower users to connect, share, and collaborate seamlessly through real-time communication in a modern chat application.  Implemented user authentication and authorization features using JWT for secure access control.  Utilized React.js to create a responsive and interactive user interface for seamless user experience. CrowdNav | HTML,CSS,JS,ReactJS Group Project  Spearheaded a four-person team to develop an ML integrated web app. The app aims to enhance the travelling experience of the commuters.  Powered with an ML model which is capable of telling the exact no. of available vacant seats in a bus at any point of time during its commute.  Locates all the nearby available buses from a person on the UI, with the help of GPS access of the person and the bus. Skills Summary Languages Library Frameworks Theoretical Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MYSQL TailwindCSS, ReactJS ExpressJS, NodeJS Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management System Experience Intern at TechnoHacks Education Pvt Ltd. | Link Web Developer Intern 1st August 2023 - 31st August 2023  Collaborated with a three-person team to develop a web app TOURS SIMPLIFIED which is capable of locating all the hotels, restaurants and tourist places near a person.  Powered by geolocation access of the user, the app uses Rapid API to fetch the required data near the geolocation.  The app reflects all the available hotels, restaurants and tourist attractions near the person and that too based upon the filtered star rating of the venue.  Technical Skills: HTML, CSS, TailwindCSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, MaterialUI, Git Certifications and Achievement  AWS Academy Graduate - AWS Academy Cloud Architecting Extra-Curricular Activities  Organized RANN 2k23 and 2k24 that is our Inter College Sports Fest.  Winner of Case Clubs TRAILBLAZERS (case based presentation event)  Runner-Up, AKTU Zonal Volleyball 2k22  Winner of inter-district cricket tournament 2k19  Winner of inter-district quiz competition 2k18 Co-Curricular Activities  Participated in Innotech23 inter-institute technical fest.  Participated in HackMait 4.0 hackathon, collaborating on a website addressing public transportation challenges.