Adarsh Agarwal # adarshagarwal932@gmail.com  GitHub Profile (cid:131) +91-8509406302 Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Data Science and Engineering Delhi Public School, Siliguri Central Board of Secondary Education Don Bosco School, Siliguri Indian Certificate of Secondary Education Projects Sign Language Translator 2021-25 8.8 2021 90 2019 95.2  Source Code  Devised a deep learning model to translate Indian Sign Language to speech, aiding individuals with speech impair- ments. Achieved an 85% accuracy in classifying 10 signs.  Implemented the model in a web application using ReactJS and Flask, enabling real-time sign language translation with a latency of under 2 seconds through a simple user interface. Waste Classification  Source Code  Engineered a machine learning model for automated waste classification, enhancing sorting efficiency and promoting eco-friendly waste management. The model was trained on more than 4000 images.  Integrated the models results into applications, enabling real-time classification of waste items with 90% accuracy, and designed intuitive interfaces to simulate seamless user interactions. Smart AI Assistant  Source Code  Built an AI-driven Streamlit app that generated concise summaries for over 500 YouTube videos, analyzed 1,000+ PDF pages, and facilitated chatbot interactions using Google Gemini and LangChain.  Implemented transcript extraction, vector search, and content generation features, reducing manual content review time by 40% and improving information retrieval accuracy by 85% with FAISS, Google GenAI, and PyPDF2. Experience HealthKart Software Development Intern May 2024  Jul 2024  Developed an OCR-based feature for extracting nutritional data from food images, automating data capture for over 1,000 food labels and cutting manual entry time by 70%.  Built the feature into the companys mobile application using Flutter, with a Python-based backend for data processing and storage.  Integrated a comprehensive healthiness prediction feature, utilizing company food label data to provide users with personalized dietary insights, resulting in a 20% boost in user engagement with the apps nutritional tools. Acciojob Teaching Assistant Oct 2022  Feb 2023  Led live Discord sessions on Java programming, assisting over 100 students monthly by addressing more than 200 queries and simplifying complex concepts.  Conducted Java skills interviews, carefully evaluating candidates and selecting the top 20% for advanced DataS- tructures and Algorithms training, resulting in higher retention rates and positive feedback for thoroughness and clarity in the selection process. Skills Languages: C/C++, Java, Javascript, HTML+CSS, Python Libraries : Tensorflow,openCV, ReactJs Web Dev Tools: Nodejs, VScode, Git, Github Frameworks: ExpressJs Cloud/Databases:MongoDb, Relational Database(mySql) Areas of Interest: Web Design and Development, Backend Development, Machine and Deep Learning.