Arekanti Siddartha Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science Engineering with specialization in AI/ML, SRMAP, Amaravati  Siddartha | (cid:239) Siddartha Arekanti | # siddarth8019@gmail.com | H +91 8688050497 Summary As a dedicated student at SRM University AP, Im an enthusiastic software developer with a passion for learning different technologies, especially in writing elegant and efficient code. Proficient in SQL and Python, with a strong understanding of data engineering and a keen interest in applying AI, ML, and DL. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Possesses a collaborative mindset for working with clients, ecosystems, and internal teams. Work Experience Research intern June 2023 - Jan 2023  Detection of covid 19 using Federated Edge Learning Duration Utilized federated learning techniques to detect and classify the Disease, employing deep learning architectures GANs and CNNs for model development. Projects Real-Time Language Translator Developed a real-time language translator using Flask, integrating text and voice translation with Google Translate API, SpeechRecognition, gTTS, and pyttsx3. Created a user-friendly GUI for seamless text- to-text and voice-to-voice conversation, including login and translation history features using SQLite3 database. Implemented JavaScript for voice recording and playback. Focused on collaboration, testing, and best practices to ensure optimal performance and reliability. Tuberculosis Detection Using X-Ray Developed a real-time TensorFlow-based image classification pipeline for detecting Tuberculosis using a CNN model. The project includes data preprocessing with augmentation, model training, and evalua- tion through accuracy, loss metrics, classification reports, and confusion matrices. The code allows for the loading, preprocessing, and classifying of newly uploaded images using a trained CNN model, with predictions mapped to the original training class labels. Education 2021 - Present Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY ,AP 2019 - 2021 2018 - 2019 SRI CHAITANYA JUNIOR COLLEGE VIJAYAWADA INDUS SCHOOL (GPA: 7.3/10) (89.2) (93) Skills Technical Skills: Databases: Developer tools: Frameworks: Non-Technical Skills: Volunteering,Exploring,Team Work,Decision making Area of interest: Python, C ,C++,Machine learning,HTML, CSS, JavaScript MySQL,Sql lite3 Vs code, git, git-hub, Jupyter notebook Tensor flow, Keras ,Pytorch back end developer,Image processing,voice processing,Artificial intelligence developer