AKSHIT YADAV bit.ly/3R0u7YO | bit.ly/3TIAnVo | yadavakshit704@gmail.com | +91-6354504409 EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Oct 2021 - Present Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Jaipur, Rajasthan - (CGPA: 8.35) WORK EXPERIENCE Orevento Communication Pvt Ltd May 2024  June 2024 NLP Voicebot Intern  Developed an English-language NLP voice bot for cloud telephony engine to enable near-conversational interactions.  Set up a UDP server to capture audio streams and send them to a speech-to-text engine.  Queried the NLP bot for suitable responses based on the transcribed text.  Converted text responses back into speech and streamed the audio over a UDP channel.  Ensured real-time processing and seamless integration of speech-to-text and text-to-speech functionalities. Mfluence Pvt Ltd May 2023  June 2023 Machine Learning Intern  Developed an NLP chatbot to provide auto-suggested replies, aiding the Sales and Support teams in . responding to customer inquiries.  Conducted data deduplication by grouping similar words using Cosine similarity with a threshold of 0.95.  Executed data cleaning processes by filtering out responses with fewer than 100 tokens.  Implemented machine learning algorithms to enhance the accuracy and relevance of suggested replies.  Analyzed customer interaction data to identify patterns and improve the chatbot's performance. PROJECTS FRIDAY: An AI-Enabled Restaurant Management System June 2024 - July 2024 Developed a comprehensive CRUD application for restaurant employee and customer registration, enabling functionalities such as table booking, appointment cancellation, and event rescheduling. Implemented role-based authentication with distinct permissions for Owner, Employee, and Customer roles, ensuring secure and controlled access. Integrated OpenAI's GPT-3.5 Turbo API to deliver an AI chatbot experience, providing nutritional information and food-related recipes. Deployed the project on AWS EC2 using Ubuntu 22.04 as the base image and containerized the application with Docker. Resources: Django, Crispy Forms, Bootstrap, SQLite, LangChain, Docker, AWS. BHAAVNA: A Sentimental and Textual Analysis of over 100 Web Articles April 2024 - May 2024 Removed all the StopWords, created a Dictionary of Positive and Negative Words. Tokenized the text to extract derived variables such as: Positive Score, Negative Score, Polarity Score, Subjective Score. Calculated Analysis of Readability using the Gunning Fox Index Formula. Evaluated parameters such as Fog Index, %age of Complex Words, Syllable Count per Word, etc. Resources: BeautifulSoup, nltk, regex, Flask. Conversational Concierge: AI-Powered Automated Chat Response System June 2023 - July 2023 Used OpenSubtitles 2018 Spanish-English parallel corpus as the dataset to construct synonym groups. Fine-tuned huggingfaces the Bert pretrained model for sequence classification and model training. The model gives suggestions by assigning highest probability to the most apt response. Resources: PyTorch, Pretrained Bert model, nltk, tqdm, hparams ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Technical Skills: Git, Docker, Django, Flask, LangChain, TensorFlow, SQL Roles/Responsibilities: Student Ambassador at Manipal University Jaipur for the E-cell Ambassador program offered by UDGAM - IIT Guwahati. Certifications: Design and Analysis of Algorithms  IIT Madras, Computer Vision & Image Processing (IBM), TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning (DeepLearning.AI)