Harshita harshitabanduni@gmail.com +91-9315616026 Harshita . | LinkedIn OBJECTIVE Highly motivated Computer Science student with proficiency in Python development seeking an opportunity as a Machine Learning Engineer to contribute technical skills and build a career in Machine Learning. Aug2021-July2025 EDUCATION GURU TEGH BAHADUR INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, IP University, Delhi Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Current GPA: 8.766 Anand Swaroop Arya Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Roorkee, Uttarakhand Class XII (2020)90.2% Childrens Senior Academy, Roorkee, Uttarakhand Class X (2018)86.6% TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: Python, R  Data Science and Machine Learning  Mathematical and Statistical Knowledge  Business analytics and text mining EXPERIENCE Social Services Manager ESSDSONs Industries Duration : 6 months As a social manager at ESSDSONs I developed skills in customer interaction, social media management, CRM, community engagement, marketing strategies, analytics, problem-solving, collaboration and adaptability. We were able to achieve more than 40,000 subscribers to our channel with millions of views in total. PROJECTS 1. Facial Emotion Recognition System (using TensorFlow and Keras)  This system utilizes a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for recognizing facial emotions employing layers like Conv2D, Batch Normalization, MaxPooling2D, Dropout, and Dense layers.  Dropout layers are used to prevent overfitting, strategically placed before Dense layers. The final layers include Dense with ReLU activation and a SoftMax output for facial emotion classification.  Ensures proper model loading, input validation, and displays the generated blog in the app interface. 2. Driver Drowsiness Detection  System designed to automatically detect if a driver is active while driving or getting drowsy.  Involves the use of computer vision techniques, machine learning models, and image processing algorithms like using TensorFlow, Open CV. OTHER SKILLS  Excellent problem-solving  Analytical and critical thinking abilities  Communication and teamwork  Leadership CERTIFICATIONS  Business Analytics and Text Mining from IIT Roorkee, NPTEL Platform  Leadership  Leading a community, Udemy