Abhay Pratap Singh 91-9528768249 | Email | LinkedIn | Codechef | github Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor in Computer Science and Engineering(Data science) Cgpa : 7.1 Saraswati vidhya Mandir Inter College 12th Cgpa : 8.6 Technical Skills Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 2020-2024 Dhampur, Uttar Pradesh 2018-19 Languages: : C/C++, TypeScript, JavaScript, Python( Basic ), HTML/CSS Frameworks: React JS Node.js, ExpressJs, Bootstrap, Tailwind Css Developer Tools: Git, GitHub, , VS Code Database /Fundamentals:: SQL, MySQL( Sequelize ), MongoDB( Mongoose ),Operating System, OOPs, DBMS, Networking. Experience Front-end Developer engineerHUB Feb.2023-Nov.2023 Noida, India  Successfully designed and developed the EngineerHub official website, bringing their business onlinemaking them earn 3 times profit. Used Agile methodology for software development cycle.  Successfully integrated all 4 services provided by EngineerHub onto the platform,resulting in a streamlined user experience and performed the automation testing framework and security checks.  Developed user interfaces with MERN stack, incorporating React.js, Bootstrap, Tailwind, and CSS, enhancing platform features for community, campus, company, and event services; boosted user engagement by 40 persent within three months. July 2023 Remote BHARAT INTERN Web Developer Intern, Virtual Internship Program  This project based on animals help likes Dogs ,cats and also Dogs and cats lover, In this we used MERN STACK and tracking system and this project will help of goverment and Nature system.  In this project you can donate,adopt and many function like you can simple read the blog and write,you can buy any product for your pet  In this project the main function is Social-media App. you can enjoy memes,jokes and funny gif,post,video and many things Projects EngineerHUBs Website Project  A platform for engineers which provides them a community of engineers where they can chat with each other post blogs The chat feature has increased the audience interaction to the website by 3 times.  Used MERN ( React js,Bootstrap,Tailwind and also simple Css) technologies to develop the Interfaces. The platform consists of community , campus , company and Host event services E-commerce websites Project  Employed hooks, Context API, and Redux for efficient state management, ensuring seamless data flow and scalability.  Leveraged props to facilitate clear communication between components, promoting reusability and encapsulation.  Implemented modern frontend techniques to enhance user experience, optimizing performance and maintaining a smooth interface. CAMPUS ENGAGEMENT/ POSITION-OF-RESPONSIBILITY Senior Backend Developer at Computer Society of India AKGEC Chapter CSI