Mounica Jajala H +91-8341641842 | # mounicajajala@gmail.com |  Mounica1010 | (cid:239) mounica-jajala Work Experience Tech Quest April 2023  Blockchain technology ensures that all transactions are recorded in an immutable ledger, meaning they cannot be altered or deleted.  This transparency builds trust among donors, as they can verify that their contributions are being used as intended. It also provides farmers with a reliable and transparent record of funds received and utilized, reducing the potential for fraud or mismanagement.  Donors are more likely to contribute when they have confidence in the authenticity and integrity of the funding mechanism. Projects 1. Movie recommendation system  Movie recommendation system using CNN leverages the visual features from movie posters and trailers to enhance traditional recommendation methods.  The project involves collecting a dataset of movie posters, trailers, and user preferences.  By analysing these visual features, the system can recommend movies with similar visual styles or elements, offering personalized suggestions that go beyond genre and ratings. 2. Mental Health Chatbot  Mental health chatbot is designed to provide emotional support and mental health assistance.  It engages users in conversation, offering coping strategies, mood tracking, and resources for man- aging stress, anxiety, and depression.  The chatbot uses natural language processing to understand and respond empathetically to user input, delivering personalized support and guidance. 3. Cloud Airfare management  Airfare management is a web application for booking tickets offers customers the convenience of browsing and purchasing tickets from anywhere at any time.  This ease of access can lead to higher customer satisfaction and increased repeat business. Skills Programming Languages C, C++, Java, Python, Java script, HTML, CSS, SQL, Bash Technologies/Frameworks MySQL, React, Git, Pandas, Django, Jenkins, Bootstrap. Concepts Operating Systems, Exploratory Data Analysis, Database Management Education 2021 - present B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering and specialized in Cloud Computing at SRM (GPA: 7.74/10) (955/1000) (Percentage : 90) University, AP Class 12th, NRI Junior College Class 10th, Adarsh Public school 2021 2019