(cid:131) +919345442647 | # yuvamadhanss@gmail.com | (cid:239) yuvaraj-s |  yuvamadhan YUVARAJ S EDUCATION  Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science, CGPA: 8.57 Chennai, Tamil Nadu Nov. 2021  Present CODING PROFILES  Leetcode:Acquired a highest contest rating of 1583 and solved 310 problems.(yuvaraj13)  Codechef: Attained a highest contest rating of 1291.(yuvarajs)  Codeforces: Scored a highest contest rating of 1048.(YUVARAJ S) INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE  Frontend Developer Intern MMI  Developed dynamic company portfolio frontend with ReactJS, increasing user engagement by 18%.  Implemented intuitive UI/UX, reducing bounce rates and increasing session duration in the website.  Utilized ReactJS for responsive interfaces,with 19% improvement in conversion rates and other features.  Got good feedback from the organaisation for contributing to develop the product and delivering the module Dec 2023 - Jan 2024 PROGRAMMING SKILLS  Languages: C, Java, JavaScript  Frontend Tools: ReactJS, HTML, CSS, Tailwind CSS  Backend Tools: Node.js, Express.js, Postgressql, MySQL, MongoDB  DevOps Tools: Git ,GitHub PROJECTS  House Rental Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, MongoDB  Developed a house rental website with detailed listings, high-quality images, and comprehensive location.  Implemented advanced search filters, resulting in a 50% increase in user satisfaction in using the website.  Enhanced user engagement with responsive design, leading to a 40% decrease in bounce rate.  Also implemented user authentication ,profile customisation and booking management into the website.  Restaurant Booking Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, Postgressql  Developed a restaurant booking website boasting a selection of 100 restaurants across various cities.  Implemented a reservation system, resulting in a 40% decrease in no-shows and cancellations.  Added food pre-order and advance payment options for a seamless dining experience through the website.  Provides distinguished easy maneuverabality across the profile section to implement final changes i the order.  /real-estate  /res  /QuietConvo  Chat App Reactjs, JavaScript, Firebase  Engineered a chat app enabling real-time messaging and multimedia sharing, achieving 94% uptime.  Implemented user authentication, profile customization, and contact management in the website .  Added group chats, push notifications, and end-to-end encryption, increasing user engagement by 50%.  Enhanced the user engagement with a responsive design for chat portal and also enhanced user experience. CERTIFICATIONS CISCO: CCNA - I CISCO: CCNA - II CISCO: CCNA - III UDEMY: Full stack development NPTEL: Programming in JAVA ACHIEVEMENTS  Hackfusion 2024: Secured 5th position in Hackathon , among 50+ teams  Coding Ninja Contest 2022Attained Top 5th in the intra-college coding contest, showcasing coding skills