HARSH SINGH Greater Noida, Uttar-Pradesh +91-8957597329 harshsingh64894@gmail.com LinkedIn GitHub EXPERIENCE I am currently pursuing my degree at Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, majoring in Computer Science and Engineering with a specialization in the Internet of Things. I am also completing a minor degree in AI & ML. I am eager to secure an entry-level position where I can contribute effectively to the team and advance my skills and knowledge as a professional. EDUCATION Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology Degree - B.Tech - CGPA - 7.26 Dr. Amrit Lal Ishrat Memorial Sunbeam School Intermediate Education - PCM - Percentage - 87% Dr. Amrit Lal Ishrat Memorial Sunbeam School Secondary Education - Percentage - 72% Nov 2021  Present 2025 Greater Noida, India 2020  2021 Varanasi, India 2018  2019 Varanasi, India EXPERIENCE Celebal Technologies May 2024  July 2024 Data Engineering Internship During my internship at Celebal Technologies, I improve my skills in Python and build a strong understanding of SQL. I also gained hands-on experience with AWS Cloud, which really helped me grow as a Data Engineer. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Libraries: NumPy, Pandas Framework: Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap Databases: SQL Developer Tools: VS Code, Google Colab, Jupyter, PowerBI PROJECTS AI virtual assistant | Python  Developed AI-based Virtual Assistant in Python, integrating speech recognition and NLP techniques for user query comprehension.  Utilized libraries like speech recognition, Google Search, and PyAudio for efficient operation.  Enhanced user experience with voice command interaction, ensuring accessibility and efficiency. Web Clone | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap  Developed responsive web clones of Netflix using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and Tailwind CSS.  Enhanced the user interface with CSS, ensuring alignment with modern design principles and best practices.  Optimized the development workflow with Tailwind CSS for streamlined styling and Bootstrap for responsive layouts. Performed EDA, analyzed data, and created visualizations on datasets datasets | Python, PowerBI Conducted exploratory data analysis (EDA) on datasets using Pythons NumPy and Pandas for data manipulation and quality assurance.  Created visualizations with Matplotlib, Seaborn, and developed interactive dashboards with Power BI for effective data communication. Smart Helmet | IoT, Cloud Computing, NodeMCU, MQ-9  Led the development of an IoT-enabled Smart Helmet to bolster worker safety through the integration of cloud computing technologies.  Integrated the MQ-9 Gas Sensor for prompt detection of hazardous gases, prioritizing worker safety within the operational environment.  Utilized the ESP8266 microcontroller and wireless communication modules to facilitate efficient performance and real-time data transmission within the smart helmet system. CERTIFICATIONS  Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation - By Forage(Accenture)  Data Engineer.  Internship(Celebal Technologies)  Introduction to Strategy Consulting Job Simulation - By Forage(BCG)  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence - By Coursera(IBM)  Machine Learning Fundamentals - By Infosys(Springboard)  Web Development Bootcamp - By Udemy  Programming Fundamentals using Python - By Infosys(Springboard)