Shrihari Chaurasia Deoria,Uttar Pradesh,India (cid:131) 7704891145 # shriharichaurasia143@gmail.com (cid:239) LinkedIn  Github LeetCode GeeksforGeeks Education Madan Mohan Malviya University Of Technology,Gorakhpur,UP B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering Relevant Coursework Nov. 2020  July 2024 CGPA : 7.91 / 10.00  Data Structures  Operating System  OOPs  Database Management  Computer Networks  Software Engineering  Analysis Of Algorithm  Machine Learning Experience Insurancedekho ( Cardekho ) Software engineer Intern march 2024 - Current Onsite - Gurugram , HR  Architected and implemented high-performance APIs using Node.js and Express.  Improved code quality by integrating TypeScript, ensuring robust type-checking and reducing runtime errors.  Managed and optimized databases using MongoDB and SQL, utilizing phpMyAdmin for efficient administration.  Collaborated with stakeholders to develop tailored solutions and integrate insurer APIs.  Maintained and updated the company website to ensure optimal performance and user experience. Uprise solutions Pvt. Ltd. (MeetUniversity.com) Full stack developer Intern October 2023 - march 2024 Remote  Developed APIs in Node.js, designed databases, and created user interfaces in React.js for a platform utilizing WhatsApp Business API  Integrated chatbot functionalities to assist MSMEs (Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises) with automated customer interactions  Ensured the delivery of high-quality, scalable, and reliable software solutions by adhering to Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices  Optimized system performance, scalability, and security to provide robust solutions for end-users Projects MedEase | React Js,Node Js,Express Js,Mongo DB April 2023   Project Github Link  Developed and engineered a web-based doctor appointment system application, employing React.js for the frontend and | LIVE Node.js with Express.js for a robust backend, fortified by JWT-based user authentication.  Effectively oversaw data storage via MongoDB, intricately woven together using the MongoDB Node.js driver and Mongoose for seamless data management.  Doctor Panel has functionality encompasses the ability to accept or reject appointment requests from users and manage their availability profiles.  Admin Panel has functionality to verify Users and Doctors. Realtime Chat App | Reactjs,NodeJs,Expressjs,MongoDB, Socket io August 2023   Project Github Link  Full-stack based web application which allow users to chat in real time and seamless communication.  Socket.io ensures low-latency, bidirectional communication for real-time updates and interactions.  MongoDB efficiently stores chat data, ensuring scalability and high performance. | LIVE Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, HTML, JavaScript, SQL Developer Tools: Visual Studio Code (VS Code), Postman, GitHub, Jira, Bitbucket Technologies/Frameworks: React.js, MongoDB, Node.js, Express.js, MySQL Achievements  Ranked 1367 out of 100k+ in codekaze by Coding Ninjas.  Among the top 150 out of over 3000 users on GeeksforGeeks, theres a significant position held in the coding legacy of this college.  Solved 380+ DSA problems on geeksforgeeks  Solved 300+ DSA problems on LeetCode Extracurricular NSS Member Member Jan 2021  Present Madan Moahan Malviya University Of Technology  Led chapter of 30+ members to work towards goals that improve and promote community service, academics, and unity.