Abhinav V Phone: Email: 9645544111 abhinavarvee5443@gmail.com Procient in programming languages such as Python,and basic knowledge in JAVA and C++, with a track record of building and maintaining software applications. Possess a basic understanding of machine learning with a willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and tools. Have a work experience of Machine learning and AI. Eager to explore new opportunities in the dynamic eld of technology and contribute expertise to innovative projects. Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with a commitment to staying updated with industry trends and best practice Basic knowledge in web development, with understanding of modern web technologies and frameworks. EXPERIENCE/ INTERNSHIP JP Morgan & Chase Intern JULY 2023 My internship journey with JP Morgan & Chase in the domain of Full Stack Development. Creating interfaces for stock price data feeds and visually presenting data for traders. Procient in utilizing various technologies to develop innovative solutions. Demonstrated ability to collaborate within a team environment to deliver high-quality projects. Passionate about leveraging technology to enhance user experiences and drive business growth DevTown Intern MAY 2023 to JUNE 2023 DevTown the edutech company trained in fullstack development . They covered all major development topics. In which the projects which I have done are BOOKMYSHOW clown and creatwed multiple API's Pantech Intern January 2024 Gained hands-on experience with various AI and machine learning techniques, including data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation. Developed and implemented machine learning models for Basket Analysis, identifying patterns in customer purchasing behavior to optimize marketing strategies. Analyzed car sales data to predict future trends and sales performance, enhancing decision-making processes. SyberGate Intern June 2024 Gained hands-on experience with various machine learning and AI concepts, including model training, evaluation, and deployment. Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder Developed and ne-tuned LangChain models, enhancing natural language processing capabilities for various applications. Worked with Hugging Face models, leveraging state-of-the-art pre-trained models for tasks such as text classication, sentiment analysis, and more. EDUCATION Hindustan institute of technology and science 2021 to 2025 Passed In 2020 Btech CSE (general) CGPA till Semester 6 -8.9 SAINIK SCHOOL KAZHAKOOTAM Secondary and Higher Secondary Secondary Percentage- 91.8% Higher Seconday Percentage - 94.8% SKILLS Programming Languages : C, C++, JAVASCRIPT , PYTHON Web Technologies : HTML, CSS , JAVASCRIPT ML&AI Frameworks : Langchain, HuggingFace Back-End Frameworks & Libraries : NodeJS Database Management System : Firebase, SQL, Upstash Data Structures & Algorithm (DSA) Machine Learning Game Development App Development PROJECTS Dietrix Fitness Based APP This app is developed to help user to keep track of their diet. It shows precise calculation of your macro and micro nutrients. It takes in height and weight of the user and generate a diet. Helmet and Seatbelt Detection Developed a robust system for real-time detection of helmet and seatbelt usage using Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder computer vision techniques like YoloV8 Nutri-Diet Developed a web-based application that provides personalized diet recommendations using a large language model (LLM) to interact with users. Implemented features to track user progress, analyze dietary habits, and offer tailored suggestions for improvement. Leveraged advanced natural language processing techniques to ensure seamless and intuitive user interactions. Integrated data analytics to monitor user adherence and effectiveness of dietary plans, providing real-time feedback and adjustments. LANGUAGES ENGLISH (Full Professional Prociency), HINDI (Full Professional Efciency), TAMIL ( Full Professional Eiciency), Malayalam (Full Professional Eiciency) Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder