Prabhjot Singh I 8448035879  # prabhjotsingh1645@gmail.com  (cid:240) prabhjot-singh-105b8a24b/ Education Modern Public School, Rishabh Vihar, Delhi, India Class X, Percentage : 68 Modern Public School, Rishabh Vihar, Delhi, India Class XII, Percentage : 84 Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology, GGSIPU, Delhi, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science, Percentage : 85 Skills 2017-2018 2019-2020 2020-2024 Core Skills: Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS, OOPs, Data Structure, DBMS Libraries and Framework: React JS, Next JS, Node JS, Express JS, Material UI, Tailwind CSS, ShadCN Tools and Databases: Version Control System, Postman, Mongo DB, Clerk, getStream, RESTful API Soft Skills: Communication Skills, Problem-solving, Teamwork Internship LetsGrowMore Web Developer Intern [Link1] [Link2] - Designed and developed a fully functional MERN stack blog web application with a user-friendly interface, responsive design, ensuring seamless content management and user experience. - Implemented secure back-end features including user authentication, database management, and content publishing capabilities for a dynamic blog platform. Projects Weather App : React JS | CSS | RESTful API Project Link - Integrated with a weather API to fetch accurate, detailed and up-to-date weather information for various locations. - Also Implemented location-based services to allow users to search and retrieve weather information for specific cities or regions. Zoom Clone : Next JS | TypeScript | Clerk | getstream | shadcn | Tailwind CSS Project Link - Secure user login via Clerk, supporting social sign-up and email/password methods. - Features for recording, reactions, screen sharing, participant management, and viewing past recorded meetings and meeting details. - Schedule or join instant meetings via links, with real-time, secure interactions and a responsive design for all devices. UrTracker : React JS | Shadcn | Node JS | Express JS | Mongo DB | Chart JS Project Link - Allows users to track and manage their expenses and income, with data stored securely in MongoDB. - Employs Chart.js to provide visual representations of expenses and income, enhancing user insights and financial tracking. Seminars / Trainings Industrial Internet of things [Link] The event which mainly focuses on the intersection of industrial processes and digital technologies through IoT solutions. Its an opportunity to gain insights into real-world IIoT deployments, learn about industry standards. Google Developer Group Bootcamp [Link] This 7-day bootcamp offers a unique opportunity for aspiring web developers to dive into the world of web development. Focused on replicating the user interface and functionalities of the popular streaming platform Hotstar.