(cid:131) +91-8269208399 # mukulmalse81@gmail.com # mmmc21153@student.nitw.ac.in  Mukulmalse (cid:239) mukul-malse Mukul Malse Roll No.: 21MCF1R25 Master of Computer Application National Institute Of Technology, Warangal Education National Institute of Technology, Warangal Master of Computer Application Sagar Institute Of reasearch and Technology,Indore Bachelor Of Engineering (CSE) Personal Projects MultiDisease-Prediction-using-Machine-Learning 2021-2024 CGPA: 6.37* 2016-2020 CGPA: 6.83 GitHub Repo  Developed diverse ensemble of Machine Learning models for predicting multiple diseases, achieving over 85% plus average prediction accuracy.  Designed and implemented a user-friendly Graphical User Interface (GUI) application, enhancing accessibility and ease of use for inputting medical data and receiving disease predictions.  Implemented individual disease probability scores alongside predictions, boosting user confidence in the accuracy of the results. Tech stack : pandas, Matplotlib, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, and Streamlit. Mobile Store GitHub Repo  Developed a responsive front-end using React to build interactive user interfaces for product listings, details, and shopping cart functionality.  Implemented a back-end API using Express.js and Node.js to handle product data, user authentica- tion, and order processing.  Integrated MongoDB as the database to store product,category information, user data, and order details.  Implemented user registration, Email verification,forgot password by sending OTP to the registered Email and authentication using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to ensure secure access to user-specific features. Tech stack : HTML, CSS, Javascript, Bootsrap , Reactjs, Nodejs , ExpressJs , MongoDB . Live News Website GitHub Repo  Efficiently delivered real-time news updates to users via an improved user interface, enhancing their overall experience.  Leveraged a News API to efficiently retrieve up-to-the-minute articles and breaking news headlines.  Enhanced user engagement and satisfaction by designing and implementing visually appealing and intuitive user interfaces Tech stack : HTML, CSS, Javascript, API. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C, C++, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, ReactJS Analysis Tools and Libraries: Pandas, Numpy, matplotlib Developer Tools: Power BI, VS Code, Git, Jupyter Notebook, MySQL Soft Skills: Leadership, Teamwork, Communication, Critical Thinking. Coursework: Problem Solving, OOPS, DBMS, Operating System, Computer Network. Areas of Interest: Data Analysis, Software Development, Problem Solving. Achievements  Ranked in Top 20 candidates in Brain Alphathon by WorldQuant at NITW.  Achieved Rank-59 in National Level MCA Entrance Test (NIMCET)  Achieved AIR-240 in BHU MCA Entrance Test.  Achieved AIR-478 in JNU MCA Entrance Test. Coding Platforms Profile  LeetCode: Solved more than 400 DSA based problems.  Hacker-Rank: Achieved 5 Star in Problem Solving  GeeksForGeeks: Solved more than 400 DSA based problems. 2023 2021 2021 2021