Harsh Chelimela harshchelimela123@gmail.com  (+91) 9867599435  Mumbai, India EDUCATION A.C. PATIL College of Engineering  Major: Computer Engineering, B.E.  Coursework: Data structures and Algorithms, Operating System, Computer Networks, DBMS  Academic achievements: Secured 2nd position in Academics in 3rd year(Computer Department) and top 10 overall  Extra Curricular : Event Head at Technical Event (Vectors) for Game of Codes Pursuing Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra June 2020 Mumbai, Maharashtra Nirmala Memorial Foundation College of Science and Commerce . Percentage: 78% . Science- Higher Secondary Childrens Academy Group of Schools, Bachani Nagar . Percentage: 92% . Science- 10th ICSE SKILLS & INTERESTS Knowledge: R/A DBMS, Python Programming, Artificial Intelligence Language: (proficient): Python, JavaScript, HTML5/CSS3 (familiar): C, Java Platform : GitHub Database: MySQL, Firebase Database Tools: Git, VS Code, Android Studio, Eclipse Exploring: Dot.Net, Machine Learning , AWS and Cloud SOFTWARE PROJECTS Video Player Controlling Using Hand Gestures  It is a extension that enables the controlling of Video Player using Hand Gestures and Artificial Intelligence.  The basic functionality includes increasing and decreasing the volume, Forward, Fast Forward, Backward and Fast Backward functionality, Muting and Unmuting  Utilized : Python and libraries like Tensorflow and Visual Studio Code Alexa Bot (Prototype )  It is an Python application that mimics the usage of Alexa.  It is a less complex and watered down version as I just got into Python and AI.  It is connected to Social Media sites which can be opened on one command  Utilized : Python, text to speech convertor- Visual Studio Code Virtual Medical Home  It is an web application of online booking appointments with doctors and consultation. Doctors can view reports uploaded by patients and provide necessary medications.  The patients can use this view this medication and schedule appointments  Utilized :PHP, HTML, CSS CERTIFICATIONS  Certificate of 100 Days of Code Python from Udemy  Certificate of Ethical Hacking from Scratch from udemy