Meghana Vadde  MeghanaV5 | (cid:239)Meghana V | # meghana vadde@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9014790561 Summary Enthusiastic and dedicated Computer Science Engineering student specializing in Big Data Analytics. Proficient in Python and C++, with a solid understanding of data structures and algorithms. Experienced in software development methodologies and collaborative problem-solving. Demonstrates strong problem- solving abilities with a logical and analytical approach. Skilled at applying design thinking principles to create user-centric solutions. Passionate about emerging technologies, particularly machine learning. Committed to continuous learning and contributing to innovative projects in computer science and big data analytics. Projects Movie Recommendation System The Movie Recommendations project utilizes a hybrid approach combining collaborative filtering and content-based filtering techniques. User data is pre-processed and analyzed using Python and Pandas,with machine learning algorithms applied via libraries like Scikit-learn. The system integrates data from mul- tiple APIs, processes it in real-time, and leverages TensorFlow for model training, ensuring personaloized and accurate movie suggestions for each user. Climate Monitoring and Analysis System Developed a secure web platform for comprehensive climate data analysis, featuring user authentication, role-based access control, and dynamic visualizations. Leveraged Pythons built-in libraries to imple- ment efficient data storage and construct a robust backend, facilitating seamless data management, trend analysis, and forecasting to support climate research and informed policy-making. Education 2021 - 2025 - Bachelors Degree at SRM AP University 2021 2019 Class 12th Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education Class 10th Board of Secondary Education Of Andhra Pradesh (CGPA: 8.70/10.0) (Marks: 956/1000) (GPA: 10.0/10.0 ) Skills Programming Languages: Python,C,Java C++ Database Management: Web Development: Technical Skills: Operating Systems: Version Control: SQL,MySQL,MongoDB,RDBMS HTML,CSS,JavaScript,Node Js,React Js OOPS,DSA Linux Proficient in Git for version control, including branching, merging, and conflict resolution. Big Data Analytics, Proficient in data transformation, management, and ETL methodologies. Skilled in documenting and analyzing business processes and requirements. AWS,Azure Power BI Proficient with Postman, Version Control, Docker, Swagger Specialization: Cloud Platforms: Data Visualization: Additional Skills: Last updated: August 16, 2024