MUHAMMED SHIBILIN H R S P E C I A L I S T - P A Y R O L L 5 Y e a r s o f E x p e r i e n c e i n A c c o u n t s & H R F i e l d . +91 9048 32 1914 shamsudheenshibil@gmail.com Malappuram,kerala,INDIA P r o f i l e Experienced HR SPECIALIST-PAYROLL with a proven track record of efficiently managing administrative tasks. Skilled in handling payroll, benefits administration, and maintaining employee records, played a key role in managing the Visa & Immigration Services, License & Permits renewable, GPSSA, Government relations, and external communications, with extensive knowledge of local regulations and procedures. E x p e r i e n c e HR SPECIALIST PAYROLL DAR AL WAFA FACILITY MANAGEMENT L.L.C 12/2021 - 06/2024| Dubai,UAE Ensure compliance with the company's policies and labor laws regarding the hiring of new employees, temporary workers, transfers, promotions, and terminations. Make sure that employees receive accurate compensation in accordance with company policies by calculating and validating salary, salary changes, bonuses, leave accruals, allowances, end-of-service entitlements, and deductions Handled oversight and payroll processing for 700+ employees Proficiency in salary processing through the RAK C3 portal and also through the Al Rostamani exchange WPS portal Ensure that all payroll requests are dealt with in a timely manner and in accordance with all current HR policies Ensures that payroll bank files comply with the UAE Central bank requirements and staff are included in WPS Executing employees onboarding and offboarding process. Setting up new employees, benefits, locations, and direct deposit requests in the payroll system within the specified time frame Reconciling and analyzing the general ledger accounts and balances related to payroll as required MOHRE System: Manage all labor related processes for employees in the MOHRE Systems, including typing, quota modification, payments, job offers, contract submission, contract renewal, and other MOHRE-related activities. Immigration Systems: Initiate entry permit, change status, visa stamping, cancellation, designation change, and other GDRFA activities related to immigration systems. ICP and DHA System: Familiar with medical and Emirates ID procedures GPSSA & NAFIS : Manage pension registration, updates, and cancellations for local employees. License Renewals and Permits: Coordinate the renewal of trade licenses, permits, modifications and other regulatory approvals Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with internal departments, including HR, legal, and finance, to ensure alignment and coordination on PRO-related matters. Carry out visa processing for 600 + employees HR Network :Maintain all Labor Contracts ,Emirates ID, Passport with visa copies and photo on the HR network and employee files Documentation and Record Keeping: Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of all PRO-related activities, licenses, and correspondence with government authorities. Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with internal departments, including HR, legal, and finance, to ensure alignment and coordination on PRO-related matters. including visa applications, permits, Accountant MANARAT AL SAJAA HYPERMARKET L.L.C, Sonas Group of companies. 03/2019 - 12/2021 | Sharjah,UAE Preparing accounting entries and reconciling general ledgers Prepares asset ,liability and capital account entries by compiling and analyzing accounts Knowledge of UAE Vat filing and Monthly audit works Financial security by following internal controls Support daily operations of busy human resources department. P e r s o n a l D e t a i l s Nationality :Indian Date of Birth : 31/12/1996 Valid UAE Driving License E d u c a t i o n BACHELOR OF COMMERCE B.com Computer Applications University of Calicut Completed in 2018 NEBOSH IGC International general certificate in occupational health and safety_Unitedkingdom-2019 Diploma In Construction And Industrial Safety Management S k i l l s In-depth knowledge of UAE's legal and regulatory environment, including labour laws, immigration procedures, MOHRE Systems, GPSSA, and business licensing requirements. Hands-on experience with government portals and online systems for visa and immigration services. Strong communication and interpersonal skills, interact effectively with with the ability to government officials, employees, and external stakeholders. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail, with the ability to simultaneously manage multiple tasks and deadlines. Proficiency in Arabic and English languages (arabic written and english written & spoken). S o f t w a r e s K n o w n Zoho Books Gravity Tally Prime