anishaagarwal166@gmail.co m +91-9972876990 Bangalore, India linkedin.com/in/anishaagar wa l166 ANISHA AGARWAL Assistant General Manager - Recruitment Dedicated and results-driven professional with over 8 years of expertise in recruitment leadership and strategic workforce planning. Seeking a challenging role where I can leverage my proven track record in orchestrating efficient recruitment processes, managing large teams, and implementing innovative strategies to drive business growth. Excels in campus recruitment, talent acquisition, and operational optimization, with a keen focus on reducing attrition and enhancing team productivity through technology- driven solutions. Eager to contribute extensive experience to a dynamic organization committed to excellence and continuous improvement in the field of human resources and talent management. AREAS OF EXPERTISE PROFILE SNAPSHOT Accomplished professional with in PnL Management, demonstrating a track record of success in overseeing end-to-end recruitment processes. Proven ability to devise and implement effective bulk hiring strategies, achieving an annual hiring rate of approximately 25,000 candidates during peak periods. expertise Extensive experience in collaborating with Learning & Development teams to streamline and centralize training processes using Learning Management Systems (LMS). Implemented projects to establish ideal candidate profiles, resulting in improved recruitment efficiency, reduced time-to-fill, and enhanced performance. WORK EXPERIENCE Assistant General Manager  Talent Acquisition Think & Learn Pvt Ltd 03/2016 - 02/2024 Achievements/Tasks Spearheaded the establishment of a Central Recruitment Team, devising an efficient cross-functional recruitment process for Business, Ops, and quality teams. Oversaw end-to-end hiring operations, securing 10,000 monthly leads across East and other regions through diverse sourcing channels, including Bangalore, Delhi, Kolkata, North East, West Bengal, and Odisha. Managed a team of 80+ Recruitment Associates, Managers, and Senior Managers, achieving an annual hiring rate of approximately 25,000 employees during peak requirement periods. Conducted visits to 250 colleges annually for campus recruitment drives, serving as the primary point of contact. Responsible for all executive level hiring in Sales, Operations and Human Resources teams of the region. Implemented a parallel Application Tracking System for seamless data integration into the CRM, enhancing tracking capabilities. Utilized Learning Management Systems (LMS) to centralize and streamline the administration, delivery, and tracking processes. Executed projects to establish an ideal candidate profile, resulting in improved recruitment efficiency, reduced time-to-fill, and enhanced performance. Successfully reduced attrition from 19% to 7% within the first month of onboarding, managing an average activation volume of 250 weekly into the sales team through performance interventions and ideal candidate profiling. Played a pivotal role in strategic planning for office expansions and channel growth, overseeing recruitment for over 300+ centers across Tier 1/2/3 cities. Recognized for effective communication and program management expertise as an AGM for the Talent Acquisition Team, currently leading projects to in team productivity. Very Proficient in data handling, I consistently leverage a data-centric approach to enhance overall productivity. leverage automation for a 30% increase EDUCATION MBA  Marketing Alliance University 06/2014 - 03/2016 Bachelor of Commerce Guwahati Commerce College 05/2011 - 04/2014