N.MADHAV  madhavneerukattu | (cid:239) Madhav NEERUKATTU | # madhavn@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9533621111 WORK EXPERIENCE Intern(Data Analysis) Link to Demo l Completed an internship at APSSDC, where I refined my data analysis skills using Python. The Project Screen Time Analysis takes the data of the apps being used in our mobiles and show us the record of it and its usage using Data Visualization.  The key points are data cleaning, preprocessing techniques, and visualization.This experience provided valuable insights into data-driven decision-making, enhancing my readiness for professional roles. Projects Link to Demo Random-Password-Generator  Developed a Python project using Graphical User Interface (GUI) techniques to create a Random Password Generator. This program harnesses the power of a pseudo-random number generator.  This Gui application automatically generate secure and unique passwords, enhancing data security and user convenience. ERP-Portal Link to Demo  In the ERP Portal project, HTML and Python are used to build the user interface and backend functionalities, respectively. Frameworks like Django are commonly used in such projects for handling server-side operations, database integration, and dynamic content rendering.  This combination provides a full-stack solution to manage essential college operations such as student information, course management, and administrative tasks. Quiz-maker Link to Demo Developed Java code for a Quiz Maker application featuring three levels of difficulty: Easy, Medium, and Hard. Train-Ticket-Booking Developed a python code for train ticket booking by using some libraries . Link to Demo Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY AP 2021 2019 Class 12th at narayana jr college BIEAP Class 10th at bhashyam blooms CBSE (GPA: 7.0/10.0) (832/1000) (336/500) Skills Technical Skills C, C++, Java, Python, DSA, My SQL, Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Data Pre-processing, Data Science. Analytical Tools Jupyter Notebook, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Sckit-learn. Non Technical Skills Communication Skills, Leadership, Team-collaboration, adaptability, Strong Ana- lytical skills.