New Delhi | 2 August 2024 Full Conference Schedule Friday 08:00 - 09:15 09:15 - 09:30 09:30 - 10:15 10:15 - 10:30 10:30 - 10:50 10:50 - 11:30 Ballroom 1 Ballroom 2 Check-in and Information Desk Open - 8:00 - 16:00 Welcome Address Enabling the World with Secure Autonomous and Safe Connected Systems Guest Speaker Tea Break and Live Demonstrations APF-AUT-T4946 S32K3 Overview and S32K3  Product Portfolio Overview APF-IND-T4877 Unleashing the Breadth of NXP's Portfolio Learn highlights on our MCUs including the latest NPI's and an overview on the newest MCX portfolio. We will S32K36/37/39 + OBC, X-in-1 Applications describe key differentiators, use cases and software enablement across the portfolio. S32K3 brings a new level of performance and capabilities to the MCU lineup. With single and multicore M7 cores, up to 8MB Flash and leading edge security in this class of processor S32K3 can be suited to many edge node applications. S32K39/36 MCU purpose-built device addressing the new electric vehicle (EV) traction inverter control needs with a compelling combination of performance, integration, networking, security and functional safety capabilities and the S32K37 series of MCUs for high-performance battery management, power conversion, on-board charging, vehicle control, steering and breaking applications. APF-IND-T4893 APF-AUT-T4944 Smart, Secure and Scalable: Choosing the Right i.MX Applications Processors for Your Next Design S32 Family for Motor Control and S32M2  Overview Explore the latest i.MX applications processors from NXP and discover which processor is right for you. NXPs The S32M2 is the newest member of the S32 Automotive Platform. During this session, we will do a deep-dive 11:30 - 12:10 i.MX applications processor lineup offers a variety of smart and secure processors, designed to scale with on the features of this integrated solution (S32K + analog front-end in one single die) with a strong focus on various applications for Industrial and IoT designs. This course also highlights multiple NXP products motor control. We will also go through its main target applications and its competitive advantages versus optimized for i.MX processors. other automotive products. APF-ENT-T4937 APF-AUT-T4751 Machine Learning Functionality to Your NXP MCU/MPU based Design i.MX Roadmap and Overview Featuring the i.MX 95 and i.MX RT The eIQ AI development environment offers the tools needed for developing ML based solutions. With it you i.MX 9 Overview featuring the i.MX high performance roadmap, functional safety, security with Edgelock and 12:10 - 12:45 can create, optimize, profile, debug, convert and export ML models. This session will walk you through the NPU functionalities. In addition the high performance 6x A55 cores and Mali GPU architecture. Overview of easy-to-use eIQ Toolkit to build, train and deploy machine learning models on NXPs i.MX RT and MCX MCUs. entry level and advanced connected 2-wheeler digital clusters using NXP's i.MX processors, AW6xx - highly It will also go into detail how neural network models can take advantage of the dedicated acceleration integrated Wi-Fi6 and BT/BLE modules and KW4x BLE MCUs featuring phone projection, Smartphone 2 Helmet, offered by the new eIQ Neutron NPU found on MCX N microcontrollers. Helmet 2 Helmet, Find My, Smart Access capabilities. 12:45 - 13:30 APF-CIT-T4802 Lunch and Live Demonstrations APF-AUT-T4940 Implement a Secure, Future Proof NFC Solution by Use of CC Certified Products with State-of the-Art S32 eIQ Auto: Accelerate Vehicle Intelligence with Machine Learning 13:30 - 14:05 Crypto Served by the MIFARE Portfolio Learn about the S32eIQ Auto machine learning software development environment that enables Many Smart Cities application are still in use of MIFARE Classic or are based on UID. Thats not state-of-the- deployment of your trained models for S32Z2/E2, S32Gx and S32K3 devices for heterogeneous execution art and adds risk in the system due to evolving hacking tools. NXP offers security certified HW products with including general purpose Arm cores, internal coprocessors or external accelerators. The session will feature recommended crypto and security features to build future prove solutions. MIFARE SAM AV3 development kit an overview of the workflow and the AI/ML use cases: battery cell estimation, road surface classification, enables quick and easy design development and evaluation of a secure E2E implementation. vehicle health monitoring, and others  while providing an example of a deployment for hands-on APF-IND-T4938 demonstration. APF-AUT-T4930 EasyEVSE EV Charging Development Platform (MPU, Linux, Wi-Fi) NXP Smart Car Access Overview - Digital Key 3.0 The cloud-connected EasyEVSE MPU EV charging station development platform provides hardware The session deep dives into NXP technologies and system knowledge to enable secure, robust, and scalable configuration instructions and example software to quickly set up a secure connection between a simulated car access solutions. NXP offers a Secure Digital Key solution with communication technologies including 14:05 - 14:40 electric vehicle supply equipment (EVSE) and electrical vehicle (EV) charging prcocess. Use the modular, Ultra-Wideband (UWB), Bluetooth Low Energy (Bluetooth LE), secure element and Near Field Communication scalable platform as the foundation to start building differentiated EVSE systems that support device-to- (NFC) for true hands-free access based on localization. cloud and cloud-to-device communications, accurate energy billing, one-tap NFC authentication and supports the ISO15118 stack via the power line communication through the HomePlug Green PHY. APF-IND-T4936 APF-AUT-T4941 Key Benefits of NXP's Broad Connectivity Offering and Leading Tri-Radio Architecture NXP has a broad offering of Wi-Fi and multi-radio connectivity. Learn about the many benefits of NXP's tri- NXP Power Management Solutions for Automotive Systems, from the Plug to the Processor and Roadmap radio architecture with a focus on the latest Wi-Fi 6 technology. Will cover key features such as coexistence of the In-Vehicle Networking (IVN) Roadmap 14:40 - 15:25 and review the most popular use cases including Matter. NXP provide Power Management solutions from the Plug to the Processor. During this session you will learn about our current ACDC, USB C, SBC and 5V PMIC technologies to save energy and optimize system performance in Automotive current and future Architecture platforms. In this session we also give an insight APF-MBL-T4945 into our IVN portfolio. APF-AUT-T4942 Design Tour Power Supply - Improve Your HV Power Supply Performance with NXP AC-DC Controllers and In-Vehicle Networking (IVN) Roadmap, New Trends in Automotive Ethernet and CAN Digital Signal Controllers (DSC) for High Efficient Energy Conversion Across the Load Range as well the Bi- NXP provides IVN solutions to make the communication within the vehicle secure and reliable. During this Directional AC-DC Solution for Battery Energy Storage Systems session you will learn an introduction to newly refreshed CAN, LIN portfolio, new trends in Automotive Ethernet 15:25 - 16:00 In this session you will get an overview of the broad range of applications where NXP AC-DC converters are and the next generation of CAN - CAN SIC and CAN XL. designed in, introduce the parts of a resonant power converter system, and understand the benefits and strengths of using NXP TEAxx families resonant power solutions as well the DSC for these and Bi-Direction AC- DC solution. 16:00 - 16:15 APF-SMH-T4939 NXP Home Appliance Solution Tea Break and Live Demonstrations APF-AUT-T4943 NXP BMS Solutions for Automotive and Energy Storage / BESS This session highlights how MCU and MPU can be used for applications such as Touch, HMI (Vision, Voice, In this session we will present an overview of the NXP Battery Management Systems (BMS) portfolio, a 16:15 - 16:45 Graphics and Display), motor control and AI (TS). 16:45 - 17:00 Legend Automotive Industrial Smart City comprehensive suite of cell and pack measurement (voltage, current, temperature) products enabled by wired and novel wireless (UWB, Optical) communication. NXPs BMS portfolio supports innovative trends in the market like EIS, S/W Free Battery, Battery Passport. It is complemented by HV reference designs for Automotive and ESS including ASIL D/SIL-2 device drivers and Functional Safety libraries for NXP MCUs. Event Closing Enabling Technologies Mobile Smart Home * Please note the time slots and room locations could be updated due to unforeseen occurrences. One week prior to the event it's recommended to view/print your session schedule.