Vyshnavi Lakshmi Sravya Chepuri Bachelors In Technology Computer Science Engineering SRM University, AP Education SRM University, Amaravati Bachelors Of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering NRI Junior College (12th) MPC, Andhra Pradesh State Board of Intermediate Education St.Johns English Medium School (10th) Central Board Of Secondary Education, Andhra Pradesh Experience Salesforce Virtual Salesforce Developer Process Automation Specialist Apex Specilaist (cid:131) +91-9603344678 # vyshnavi_c@srmap.edu.in # vyshusravya@gmail.com (cid:239) Sravya Chepuri 2021-Present CGPA: 8.33 2019-2021 Percentage: 93.3 2018-2019 Percentage: 81 Apr - Jun 24 This Salesforce Summer Internship has provided me with invaluable knowledge and the opportunity to meet subject matter experts. It has endowed me with practical experience and enhanced my work skills. Personal Projects Lab Access System Using Face Recognition & ID Number Tools & technologies used: PYTHON, Flask, Open CV, SQL Engineered a robust Secure Lab Access system that incorporates both ID Number and facial recognition technologies, alongside an intuitive web interface for seamless management of access records. This advanced system greatly improved security and access control efficiency by 80% and significantly reduced unauthorized access incidents by 90%. Exam System Tools & technologies used: JAVA Language, GUI Interface The Exam System project is a sophisticated Java application designed to facilitate online quizzes and exams. It boasts a user-friendly graphical interface that allows for the creation and completion of tests based on multiple- choice questions. One of its standout features is the ability for users to customize their experience. They can easily modify the options within questions to suit their needs and preferences and a bookmarking feature for revisiting questions later. Web Scraping Tools & technologies used: PYTHON Language Implemented a web scraping project with BeautifulSoup that aggregated job data from 10 industry-specific websites; reduced manual data entry time by 15 hours per month, significantly increasing the teams productivity. It retrieves job titles, URLs, posting times, locations, and descriptions from a specific job search page on FlexJobs, saving the data to a CSV file. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: Java, Python, SQL Web Development: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript Developer Tools: VS code, Tableau, Jupyter Notebook, GIT, Postman API Operating System: Windows OS, Linux OS Certifications Microsoft Odyssey Micro-certification - ServiceNow Postman API Fundamentals Student Expert Hacker rank Java, My SQL, Python solving badges Achievements Received goodies for the Instagram filter created in Spark AR.  Gold medal winner in Educational Sustainable Development course from NPTEL.