UTKARSH GUPTA Uttar Pradesh  ETAH 207001 Utkarshgupta1071@gmail.com  +91 7078319700 CAREER OBJECTIVE As a web developer, my objective is to create user-friendly and efficient websites that are visually appealing and easy to navigate. I utilize my skills in HTML, CSS and Bootstrap to develop websites that meet all the requirements of the client. My goal is to provide clients with a high-quality product that meets their expectations and needs. EDUCATION Master of Computer Application from, Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology with Bachelor of Computer Applications from, GLA University, Mathura with Higher Secondary (XII) Commerce Saraswati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School High school B D S S H S Bitunagar Patara, Firozabad Pursuing June 2023 June 2020 June 2017 PROJECTS Book Selling Platform  This Project is based on web development. The focus of this project is on those peoples whos searching for the second- hand books in affordable price. Online book store is an online web application where the customer can purchase books online.  Collaborated with a team of three to design and implement the portal using HTML, CSS, JavaScript PHP and SQL. Stock Market Prediction Using Machine Learning  Developed a robust stock price prediction model utilizing advanced machine learning techniques, including Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) networks, to accurately forecast next-day stock prices.  Collaborated with a team of two to design and implement the portal using Python, Machine Learning and Jupyter Notebook SKILLS  Programming Languages: Python and Java  Database: SQL, Oracle  Web Technology: HTML5 and CSS  Team Collaboration  Lead & work as a team in an organized way  Creativity and Adaptability EXTRA/CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Participation in quizzes GLA University  Have been an Abacus Member of GLA University   Passionate amateur photographer with experience in portrait, landscape, and event photography.  Portfolio link on Instagram :- ghummakad_zindagi01.1  Participated in Esports Games. CERTIFICATE  Tech Next Gen Technology (AI)  Linux Command Line for Beginners   Design Thinking for Innovation  Hacker Rank (CSS Basics) Introduction to Python Self Declaration  I hereby insist that the information provided is accurate to the best of my facts and belief.