Ayush Kumar Gupta (cid:131) 9576776536 # ayushkgupta10@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/ayush  portfolio/ayush Education Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam Technical University B.Tech in Information Technology, (8.19 CGPA) Tulsi Vidya Niktan, (CBSE) Intermediate, PCM (87%) Manava Bharati Heritage, (CBSE) Matriculation, (83.83%) Experience IBM SkillsBuild Frontend Development Intern Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Sep 2021 - Jun 2025 Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh Apr 2018 - Jun 2020 Chand, Kaimur, Bihar Apr 2016 - May 2018 Jun 2023 - Jul 2023 Noida, Uttar Pradesh  Collaborated with a cross-functional team to design, develop, and maintain 100% responsive web applications.  Demonstrated strong Creative skills by resolving frontend-related issues promptly and efficiently.  Reinforced my passion for creating user-centric web experiences and strengthened ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. IIPC KIET Project Based Internship Aug 2022 - Sep 2022 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  Documented project activities, methodologies, and outcomes for future reference and knowledge sharing.  Conducted thorough testing, troubleshooting, and debugging, resulting in improved site performance and reliability.  Collaborated with team members using version control systems such as Git to organize modifications and assign tasks. Projects Lappy World | (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, GitHub) Jan 2023  Managed a cross-functional (product, engineering, sales, support) team and coordinated toward the successful accomplish of an e-commerce platform.  Enhanced website interactivity with JavaScript to improve the user experience, including features such as product filtering and a shopping cart. NewsZilla | (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, API, Netlify) Mar 2023  Integrated APIs to fetch and display real-time news articles, providing 100 request per day with up-to-date information from reputable sources.  Enhanced news articles with interactive maps, offering users a richer news-reading experience.  Real-time news updates ensure users have access to the latest information. Technical Skills Languages: C/C++, Python, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, DBMS, JDBC, Kotlin. Developer Tools: VS Code, Eclipse, Android Studio, Google Cloud Platform, Web Browser. Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, React.js, GitHub, WordPress, Oracle. Co-curricular Activities  Solved over 500+ problems, secure 1233 rating on CodeChef.  Achieve 1497 rating at LeetCode in Data Structures and Algorithm.  Involvement in PBL, not only provided me with hands-on experience in the application of technology but also equipped me with essential professional skills. Extra-curricular Activities  Actively participated in the prestigious Global Research and Innovation Summit at IIT New Delhi, contributing to an international platform for knowledge.  Participating in InnoTech 2023 enriched my academic journey by providing practical insights, fostering a spirit of innovation, and honing my abilities to adapt to rapidly evolving technological landscapes. Achievement  Demonstrated exceptional programming prowess by clinching the Rank-1 in the KICCS-D-HACK 23.4 competition in the Department.  Achieve Level 2 clearance and advanced to Submission round in Hero Campus Challenges Season 8.