Tushar Singh +91 7505169765 | tusharrrx31@gmail.com | Linkedin | Github | Portfolio | Leetcode Education KIET Group of Institutions Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology(7.2 CGPA) Nov. 2021  July 2025(expected) New St. Stephens Senior Secondary School Intermediate (90.14 %) Experience Design Intern Digivance Solutions Agra, Uttar Pradesh April. 2019  April 2020 Feb 2024  Present New Delhi, Delhi  Directed the development of innovative designs, including WordPress websites, web designs, and captivating graphics for clients like Peoplekraft, Career Solutions, and Hornbills Appliances.  Utilized creative expertise to conceptualize and implement visually captivating projects.  Amplified brand visibility and audience engagement through visually captivating designs.  Engineered product creatives for Amazon and Flipkart, leading to a 40 % surge in sales for Hornbills Appliances. UI Designer EasyED April 2023  Present Noida, Uttar Pradesh  Designed and implemented intuitive, user-friendly interfaces for both EasyEds website and mobile applications, improving the overall user experience.  Revolutionized education by fostering collaboration, curiosity, and personalized learning.  Utilized creative skills to conceptualize and implement visually appealing projects.  Elevated brand presence and audience interaction with visually engaging designs.  Spearheaded the creation of innovative designs to enhance brand presence and meet client objectives.  With over 1000 users, EasyEds impact continues to grow, providing quality education to a wide audience. Projects Portfolio Website | Figma, Framer, Adobe XD, Netlify Preview  Directed the creation of my portfolio, showcasing skills, projects, and achievements.  Designed and Developed a user-friendly, responsive design with interactive features for an enhanced experience.  Utilized Figma and Adobe XD to craft a dynamic portfolio, showcasing versatile web development skills. Easy Eduverse (Team Project) | Figma, Adobe Photoshop (Team Project)  Contributed over 48+ design screens to both mobile and web interfaces.  Published on Google Play Store achieving 1000+ downloads and an average 4.8-star review  Empowering students with academic success through diverse subjects, free inquiry, and interactive tools.  EasyEd fosters fear-free learning, promotes career exploration, and nurtures a global community of empowered Preview learners. Co-curricular Activities MIVI BIG DESIGN CONTEST Dec-2022  Engaged actively in MIVIs nationwide Graphic Design Contest, contributing numerous original graphic designs that showcased my creative prowess and unwavering dedication. Developer Augmentation Hackathon | Management and Design Team Nov-2023  Organized Developer Augmentation Hackathon 2023, 36+ hours Hackathon, Organised by Quine and Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Developer Community . Positions of Responsibility Lead UI Designer | Technocrats (Technical Society of KIET Group of Institutions) July 2023  April 2024  Guided and motivated over 50 members in design principles, fostering their creativity and encouraging continuous improvement in their work Creative Head | KIET Music Club (Music Society of KIET Group of Institutions)  Managed and led the graphics team for various events hosted by the club. Oct 2022  Present