(cid:131) +91 9760519875 # rohitbaghel6051@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/rohit-baghel-155775283  github.com/Rohittb04 Rohit Baghel Education KIET Group of Institutions Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Information Technology Agra Public School Class XII(C.B.S.E), Aggregate: 76.8% G.D. Goenka Public School Class X(C.B.S.E), Aggregate: 75.17% Experience Programming Head - DINOBOTS CLUB Robotics club of KIET Group of Institutions  Developed a Robowar bot by integrating motor, battery and drivers with a arduino.  Created the program for arduino to control different components of the Robowar bot  Sync a RC control system to the bot to control the Robowar bot. IOT Lead member - FOSSCU Open Source Community of KIET Group of Institutions Oct. 2021  Jul. 2025 Muradnagar, Ghaziabad(U.P.) 2019  2020 Agra, Uttar Pradesh 2017  2018 Firozabad, Uttar Pradesh October 2022 May 2022  Assisted in development of automation system for a local industry using Mycropython , Protius and Cloud.  Worked with AWS cloud to store the data of the different sensors.  Collaborated with team members using version control systems such as Discord to organize modifications and assign tasks. Projects Land-Mine Detector | C, Solid Works, Arduino IDE December 2022  Developed an automatic landmine detector bot that detects the landmine in the ground.  It mark the landmines on the ground with the help of spray paint.  This bot is used by soldiers for detecting landmines on the war land. Two Wheel Self Balance Bot | C, SolidWorks , Proteus and Arduino Ide March 2024  Developed a two wheel self balancing robot, which is able to move on two wheels without falling.  It can mimic human balance and stability. B-Fit Fitness Band | Android Studio, Arduino Ide, Solid Works, Proteus, Micro python, ML Ongoing  Designed and developed a mobile application called B-Fit that offers a platform for health tracking and preventing deaths due to CVDs.  Architected sensor integration for heart rate and activity levels.  Implemented data analysis algorithms for accurate health metric collection.  Established a notification system for abnormal health readings. Technical Skills Languages: C++, C, Python, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SQL Developer Tools: VS Code, Arduino IDE, Protius,Git/Github ACHIEVEMENTS Technoxian July 2023 I have participated in Technoxian World Cup organised by IIT Delhi in Robowar Category. And got the Participation Certificate. Innotech I have participated in Innotech competition which is organised in my college. In which Me and my team members made a LandMine detector. And i got the Certificate for that. ABU Robocon I have participated in ABU Robocon competition which is organised by IIT Delhi. In which Me and my team members designed the bots . And cleared the fisrt stage. And selected for the second stage. December 2022 March 2022