YASH PATEL +91-932-604-4145 BE Undergraduate Student | Computer Engineering yjp.yash@gmail.com SUMMARY Enthusiastic and forward-thinking engineering student at Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College with a strong foundation in programming and a passion for technology. Known for a proactive and curious mindset, I excel at learning and applying new technologies to solve complex problems. I have demonstrated the ability to manage projects independently while thriving in collaborative team environments. My goal is to leverage my academic knowledge and hands-on experience to contribute effectively in real-world settings, continually learning from experienced professionals and driving technological advancements. EDUCATION EXPERIENCE Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College (2021-2025) Bachelor's Degree in Computer Engineering | Third year CGPA ( Upto SEM V ): 9.062 Nirmala Memorial Foundation College of Science HSC Board (2021) Percentage: 91.83% TECHNICAL SKILLS Web Development (HTML, CSS, Javascript) MySql MongoDB C Programming Python Graphic Design (UI/UX, Figma, Canva) Extra-Curricular IIC SAKEC 6.0 Visual Content HEAD and co-ordinated various events and conducted Data Science and Power BI Bootcamp hosted by IIC 6.0 Participated in Hackoder 1.0, 3-day Inter- hackathon conducted by our College. SAKEC MARATHON Graphics Head, led publicity efforts resulting in increased participant turnout and managed on-day event operations. Volunteered with IEEE Bombay Section to design banners and speaker posts Volunteered in college fest events. Web Development Intern Suvidha Foundation (NGO) | Dec 2022 - Jan 2023 Daily discussion about website design and types of technology to use for implementation. Designed and Developed free coding boot camp website for children's of age 6-12 yrs and deployed the website on GoDaddy server. Full-Stack Web Development Intern Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College | June 2023 - July 2023 Completed comprehensive training on the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) covering both front-end and back-end development. Collaborated in a team to develop dynamic, responsive websites using MERN technologies, enhancing my skills in full-stack web development. PROJECTS Money Tracker App Tools and Technologies used - React.js, Mongo db. This simple app will help you track your spending , save money and gain financial insight. UI/UX Designs Tools and Technologies used - Figma, Canva Created responsive UI/UX designs such as landing pages, button animations, page animations.