Mob: +91 9946651314 Email: KM3732@gmail.com AREAS OF EXPERTISE Finance & Accounts Advanced Excel P&L Management Stakeholder Management End user of Various ERPs Reportings& Dashboards Sypro LANGUAGES (R, W, S) English, Malayalam Onsite Transition South American Offsite Transition South African Zone Europe DOB: 10/10/1988 Nationality: Indian Sarin Mohan (12 Years of Exp. & M.Com) SYNOPSIS  Experienced corporate professional in multiple verticals of Finance in multiple industries.  Experienced in Reporting, Automation  Well versed with process management, Stakeholder management.  Expertise in Budget and forecasting, RTR process and have the experience in Financial Inventory Process, PTP & Bank reconciliation.  Expertise in Stakeholder management, process automations, stabilization, and SAAS implementations.  Familiar with SAP, Workday, Syspro, Tally, S/4HANA, Xero, Cognos  Advanced user of MS Excel, Power-BI, WORK EXPERIENCE: Assistant Manager in Lavyuk consultancy Finance Business Partner Sep-2022- Jan-2024  Performed assistant manager roll into detailed analysis and tracking of financial data on monthly or quarterly basis, and giving operational support to various market activation leads and platform leads globally.  Quarterly and monthly basis preparing dash board and make the alignment with Global controllers and with various platform leads.  Help platform leads to implement new projects (Creation, budget allocation, FC checking)  Financial Planning & Analysis: Preparing cost forecasts for the year and carrying out variance analysis against the same. Develop and implement plans for budgeting, forecasting and reporting.  Make estimates of funds required for the short- and long-term financial objectives of the organization. Senior analyst at AB-Inbev ( R2R) Bangalore March 2018- June 2022(Moved from Accenture) Collecting day to date work updates from team members and reports to the top management   Management of Daily and Monthly activities  Prepared and posted month-end journals  Reconciling General ledger and Sub Ledger  Conducted monthly P&L reviews  Responsible for monthly reconciliation and post-closing reports  Prepare and posting Journal entries related to CAPEX.  Checking GR/IR posted by P2P team in CIP account. Other Roles handled Was Part of migration from Syspro to S4/HANA Process Transition from South African zone and stabilized the process Did Process Transition from South American Zone and Stabilized Worked with Financial inventory process Worked as backup for Bank reconciliation process Analyst at Accenture (R2R) Bangalore Dec 2015- Feb 2018 SL GL reconciliation, P&L account reconciliation  Was Part of fixed asset process, capitalization, asset master data creation   Depreciation run, Responsible for MEC report.  MEC reporting, Dash board preparations Capgemini as a Senior Associate (Fixed asset R2R) Nov-2014 to Nov-2015 Budget allocation Checking GR/IR posted by P2P team in CIP account Creating unique number for each Capex and allocating to Sub ledger. Posting Journal entry for Capital Expenditure and transferring amount from CIP to Sub Ledger      Make sure that amount posted to Sub Ledger properly hit to concerned GL account   Monthly posting depreciation and make sure that depreciation properly posted. Responsible for asset sale and Retirement Xerox as a Senior Associate (Fixed asset R2R) June 2011 To Nov-2014 Project creation (For Capital Expenditure) Budget allocation Checking GR/IR posted by P2P team in CIP account Creating unique number for each Capex and allocating to Sub ledger. Posting Journal entry for Capital Expenditure and transferring amount from CIP to Sub Ledger       Make sure that amount posted to Sub Ledger properly hit to concerned GL account   Monthly posting depreciation and make sure that depreciation properly transferred to accumulated Responsible for asset sale and Retirement    depreciation Reconciling General ledger and Sub Ledger Responsible for monthly reconciliation and post-closing reports Responsible for preparing monthly Capex report Experience in the role of Project lead for ERP implementation, Co-ordination, and People management skills also experience in structuring chart of accounts for a company.  Head of Finance & Accounts BPO service division.    Overall knowledge about the ERP functionality and its wide areas like Procurement, Finance, Process Stabilization expert in Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable & R2R. Expert in Presentation Skills and Guidance provider.  Estimation, Project etc. in companies. Excellent knowledge in General Accounting like P/L management, Invoice posting, Balance sheet, BRS, Journal Entries, and ability to carry out reporting and budgeting. Additional Responsibilities and Recognition:  Won Eagle squad from XEROX ltd in 2012.  Become Quality controller head in QC team  Did process Transition from Germany DECLARATION: I hereby declare that all the information furnished in this application is complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. Sarin Mohan