Venkata Ramesh Jangalapalle  jangalapalleramesh | (cid:239) venkata-ramesh-6164ba24b | #255@gmail.com | H +78.15.992.825 Summary Bachelors degree student in Computer Science (AIML) seeking an entry-level software development role. Proficient in C++,Java, Python, and SQL with a strong foundation in algorithms and data structures gained through coursework and hands-on projects. Eager to apply academic knowledge in a professional setting, enthusiastic about learning, and driven to contribute to innovative solutions in the tech industry. Projects Obstacle Avoidance in Autonomous Vehicle UROP 2023-24 Research to avoid obstacles, we use Collision avoidance. Applying the Latest YOLOv8 version for object detection and LiDAR sensor for the range of object. Simulation over ROS(Robot Operating System) Software for realistic approach. Technologies used  Deep learning, object detection algorithms (YOLOv8), ROS, rclpy, Ubuntu. Facial Recognition Attendance System Link Developed and implemented a robust facial recognition algorithm using deep learning techniques to accu rately identify and verify individuals based on their facial features.Designed a secure and efficient biometric authentication system, leveraging face recognition as a reliable method for attendance tracking, enhancing security, and minimizing manual errors. Technologies used: Deep Learning,Python Typing Speed Test - Python GUI based Application Link Python GUI based Application Test typing skills in 60 sec checks Speed and accuracy. Understood the process of using modules. Learned to build GUI Application. Technologies used:Python (Tkinter). Food Delivery App - using MERN Link Developed a full-stack food delivery application using the MERN stack with features like user authentication, menu browsing, and real-time order tracking. Designed a responsive UI with React.js and managed backend functionalities including order processing and payment integration using Node.js and MongoDB. Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJS,ExpressJS, MongoDB Internship Django Framework with Python Django Developer Intern [APSSDC] June 2023 - August 2023 During my Django internship with APSSDC, I developed a Blood Bank Management System using Django with Python. The system manages donor registrations, blood inventory, and requests, streamlining blood bank operations efficiently.The system allows hospitals and patients to efficiently request and track blood units. Technologies used include Django, HTML, CSS, and SQLite. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2020 - 2021 Class 12th apbie 2018 - 2019 Class 10th apbse Skills (GPA: 8.96/10.0) (974/1000) (GPA: 10.0/10.0) Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, SQL, Java Script, Data Structure and Algorithms. Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, NodeJS, ExpressJS, ReactJS, MongoDB, Django. Interpersonal Skills Time Managing Team Work Proficient Problem Solving Communication Skills