Lokeswar Rao Lakhineni (cid:131) +917989104871 # lokeshwarlakhi@gmail.com (cid:239) lokeshwarlakhi  lokeshwarlakhi Objective Driven by an unwavering passion for data science and machine learning, I actively engage in open-source contributions and immerse myself in the fascinating world of MLOps. Through my blogs, I aim to share knowledge and best practices, promoting the adoption of- cutting-edge approaches. My ambition is to secure a Machine Learning Engineer role, where I can apply my skills, creativity, and dedication to make a significant impact in the field and contribute to transformative projects. Education Vignans Institute of Information Technology, Visakhapatnam Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Coursework: Machine Learning, Data Science, Big Data Analytics, NLP Jan 2020  July 2024 GPA: 8.62/10 Technical Skills Languages/Database: Python, C++, C, SQL Libraries and Frameworks: Numpy, Pandas, Sk-Learn, Tensorflow, Django Technologies: Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Deep Learning,Data Science Experience Uptrain.AI Machine Learning Engineer(Remote) March 2023  May 2023 San Francisco  Contributed to our documentation by adding lines that will help users better understand our librarys functionality.  Resolved bugs that affected the librarys functionality on multiple operating systems Projects Expreme: Face Expression based Music Asistant | Python, Pandas, Tensorflow, streamlit Git Sept  Oct 2022  Worked on Face Recognition and emotion classification.  Runs with a accuracy 93.47% in recognizing the face and plays the music on spotify in less than a second.  Used streamlit API for creating an appealing interface. Hand Written digit Recognizer | Python, pandas, Tensorflow, cv2, CNN Git Feb 2022  Worked on image classification and Deep learning and created a model which can recognise the hand written digits.  Achieved an accuracy of 98.50% and validation accuracy of 97.98% in recognizing the hand written digits. Efficient U-net for Lung Segmentation | Python, Segmentation models, keras, cv2, CNN Git Jan - March 2024  Developed an advanced lung segmentation model using Efficient U-Net, integrating EfficientNet as the encoder with U-Net architecture, achieving accurate lung nodule detection in CT scans with 97.3% accuracy.  Utilized the combination of Luna16 dataset and from other data sources implemented advanced data augmentation techniques, resulting in a 10% improvement in segmentation performance. Q-Mart Online Marketplace | Django, HTML, CSS, SQLlite3 Git April 2024  Developed a Django-based marketplace platform featuring user authentication, item browsing, and CRUD operations for managing fashion items.  Implemented a real-time messaging system using Django Channels to enable communication between buyers and sellers. Articles Published EDA 101: Explore, Discover, Analyze | Article link Jan 2023  Authored a comprehensive 5-part series of articles focused on Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) techniques, serving as an invaluable resource for aspiring data scientists.  These articles, designed to demystify EDA, garnered widespread recognition for their depth and clarity in explaining complex data exploration concepts. Accomplishments  Conducted live workshop on Github for 60+ students.  Conducted seminar on Briefing on CS toolkit to 100+ students.  Conducted live workshop on EDA for 100+ students. Position of responsibility Associate Secretary (OWAP-VIIT Student Chapter): Conducted seminars and workshops to more than 100 students. Interests Football, Blogging, Contributing to Open-source, Podcasting, Music, Content Creation, Video Editing