ABINAYA K Abinaya K Abinaya-2517 kabinayakannan@gmail.com 6381849185 EDUCATION B.Tech Information Technology Chennai Institute of Technology CGPA -8.88 INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE Oasis Infobyte Java Developer Implemented object orieneted programming concepts to create scalable and efficient applications. Applied problem-solving skills to address challenges and enhance system performance. Resolved complex bugs and improved code efficiency, ensuring high-quality deliverables. Let's Grow More Web developer 2021  2025 | Chennai Jul 2022  Aug 2022 Jul 2022  Jul 2022 Created websites with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript at Let's Grow More. Gained hands-on web development skills through practical projects. I had a handsome experience by built a functional calculator website with user interaction and created a registration form that captures user data and displays it for confirmation on the same page. Through this internship,I enchance my skills on developing a blog website for the Literacy Book Project. PROJECTS LITERACY BOOKS Tech Stack:React js,Nodejs,Expressjs,Mysql Apr 2024  present Managed a digital library featuring over 1,000 timeless Tamil classics, achieving a 95% user satisfaction rate for accessibility and content quality. Developed a robust search and filter feature with 84% accuracy, enabling users to find books and events based on 30+ genres, 150+ authors and 20+ event types. Enhanced admin panel capabilities to efficiently manage book collections, user accounts, and event details, resulting in a 92% success rate for adding new books and a 87% accuracy rate for updating existing entries. WORKSYNC Tech Stack: React js,Node js,Mysql,Express js Jul 2023 Proficient in developing a streamlined data entry system, enabling job hunters to submit their information through a user- friendly form interface, achieving an efficiency rate of 86%. Ensured seamless integration of submitted data, which is instantly reflected on the admin page with an efficiency of 81%, facilitating effective management and accessibility of user information . Enabled users to apply for jobs directly through the website, with a 73% accuracy rate in meeting job seekers' expectations and ensuring a smooth application process. Dribbble Clone Tech Stack:React js,Node js,Express js,Mysql Oct 2022  Nov 2022 Implemented secure user sign-up, login, and social media integration.Developed tools for users to upload, manage, and display design projects including images and videos achieving a precision of 84%. Integrated features for liking, commenting, and sharing projects to foster community interaction resulting in an 75% user satisfaction rate.Built a robust search functionality to help users find specific projects, designers, or categories,with a reliability of 89%. SKILLS JAVA C HTML,CSS,JS,ReactJS NodeJS SQL Express.js Docker Github Linux CERTIFICATES WEB DEVELOPMENT BOOTCAMP - UDEMY PYTHON - UDEMY INTRODUCTION TO DOCKER -COURSERA C - 50 EASY CHALLENGES -SKILLRACK PYTHON- 50 EASY CHALLENGES-SKILLRACK ACHIEVEMENTS Skillrack -800 Problems Solved BUILD-A-THON-2023(CIT)-Finalist Event-Coordinator(FRAMESPOT)-Takshashila ||||||||