Kaki Himanth Aspiring Software Engineer +91 8074849485 1 77777 66666 kakihimanth@gmail. com www.linkedin.com/in/ kakihimanth Visakhapatnam,Andhra Pradesh ,India SUMMARY Highly motivated B. Tech CSE graduate with a strong foundation in computer science and a keen interest in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Successfully completed training program in AI and ML from IBM, gaining hands-on experience in implementing various algorithms and building intelligent systems. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming languages: Java, python Javascript, C Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS Data Management: INTERNSHIP Machine Learning Engineer | IBM June'23  Gained hands-on experience in Machine Learning Model.  Collaborated with a cross-functional team to preprocess and analyze large datasets, improving model accuracy by percentage. Machine Learning Engineer | Fifth Force June'23  Developed and implemented machine learning models, contributing to a project focused on the project goal or application.  Contributed to the documentation of the machine learning pipeline, ensuring knowledge transfer within the team. PROJECTS Sales Analysis Dashboard Jan '24 MySQL, Tableau, power bi Domain: Data Visualization |Power BI CERTIFICATIONS    Analysis the data and creating Dashboard. Used Various data visualization techies to visualize and finding insights. Developed and implemented a comprehensive sales analysis dashboard Child Height Prediction July '23  AI and ML| Fifth Force| June '23  Machine learning Training | IBM | June' 23  Full Stack Development| Nxtwave| Dec '22    Domain: Programming, Machine learning | Languages: Python Predict the height of the child based on their parents height. Used the machine learning models to train the model. Developed and trained machine learning models to predict child height based on parental height data, achieving accurate predictions. EXTRA CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS ACTIVITIES  Active volunteer at NSS| Since on HakerEarth Jan' 24  Solved various problems of DSA on LeetCode and Problem Solving questions Feb'22  Participated in cricket tournament |District level  Participated in Various Coding competitions in Nxtwave Oct' 23 |Mar'18 EDUCATION B.Tech. in Computer Science Present Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, INDIA CGPA 7.48 Intermediate March' 21 Tirumala Junior College | Visakhapatnam, INDIA PERCENTAGE 95.7