Delhi, India (cid:131) +91 8178413810 # tayush139@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/ayush-tyagi-73b465234  github.com/ayushtyagi02 Ayush Tyagi Education Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology, Delhi Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering Guru Nanak Dev Insitute of Technology, Delhi Diploma of Engineering in Computer Science Relevant Coursework Sep. 2022  present 8.4/10 Aug. 2019  Jul 2022 8.9/0  Data Structures  Software Engineering  Database Management  Object Oriented Programming  Computer Networks  Operating System  Algorithms Analysis Experience My Captain UI/UX Program Facilitator Intern Aug 2023  January 2024 Certificate  Managed assignments by tracking deadlines, collecting submissions via LMS, ensuring guideline adherence, coordinating feedback, addressing queries, and organizing schedules with Google Calendar.  Coordinated virtual classes on Zoom, ensuring smooth operations and effective communication between mentors and mentees. Projects Book Wallah | ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB,TailwindCSS May 2024  Engineered a secure user registration and authentication system, ensuring data privacy and integrity, and built functionality for users to list books for exchange or lending, fostering a community-driven platform  Developed an advanced book search feature by title, author, and genre, and implemented a book request feature to facilitate borrowing and exchanges. StudyNotion | ReactJS, NodeJS, ExpressJS, MongoDB,TailwindCSS Feb-Mar 2024  Enabled instructors to easily manage tech courses and provided students with an intuitive interface to explore, purchase, and enroll in courses  Integrated secure payment processing for smooth transactions and progress tracking Certifications/Courses Codehelp Full Stack Web Development Sep 2023  Dec 2023 Certificate  Mastered full-stack web development with the MERN stack, building and deploying dynamic, responsive, and robust web applications end-to-end. NSIC Data Science With Python Mar 2022  Apr 2022 Certificate  Learned Python data manipulation and analysis tools like Pandas and NumPy, and applied machine learning algorithms to real-world datasets through hands-on projects. Technical Skills Programming Languages: Python, Java, C, C++, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL Developer Tools: VS Code, Postman, MongoDB Compass/Atlas, Github, Chrome Dev Tools, Figma, Powershell Technologies/Frameworks: ReactJS, Nodejs, Expressjs, Next.js, MongoDB DevOps: Linux, Windows, Git, Docker, Render, Vercel, Bash Achievements  Leetcode Profile / Codechef Profile  Solved over more than 200 questions on various coding platforms.  Selected through Campus Hiring process at Wipro Technologies for the position of Scholar Trainee.  Participated in CreaTech 2024 by Larsen and Toubro and as a team member of Zest in Error 404 at Invictus24 by Delhi Technological University.  President of the Music Society at BPIT, GGSIPU : Organized and managed successful music events, oversaw and motivated the team, and achieved success in multiple group song competitions at university and school levels, showcasing strong teamwork, musical talent, and performance excellence.