AKSHAT PRATAP SINGH Bachelor of Technology(C.S.E.) (+91) 9648911857 pratapsinghakshat0@gmail.com 3/299 Near Transit Hostel Subhash Nagar Hardoi (241001), UP, India EDUCATION PROJECTS Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology in CSE branch 2021-2025 SKILLS front-end web Programming in C, C++. Competative Programming. Data Structures and Algorithms. HTML, Css and JavaScript. React.js for development. Node.js development. mongoDB for database SQL basics Java programming. for back-end web Python basic and ACHIEVEMENTS Achieved a CGPA of 8.78 out of 10 in the first four semesters of undergraduate studies. Finalist Smart India Hackathon a 2023: Collaborated with multidisciplinary to develop innovative solution for a real-world challenge. Recognized as one of the top 10 teams prestigious the HackMAIT 5.0 hackathon. 2 Star on Codechef ( max rating 1571). team in PROFILE LINKS Linkedin Profile Github Profile Codechef Profile GeeksforGeeks Profile Quiz Maker Web Application Developed a web-based quiz maker application using React.js, Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB. for end-to-end responsible Sole developer development, including system design, database modeling, backend and frontend implementation, and testing. Technologies used: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, EJS templates, CSS. Team Building Web Application Developed a team building web application using React.js, Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB. The application facilitates the formation of teams from a pool of employees available on the platform. Features include filtering employees based on gender, department, and availability, as well as a search function by employee name. Successfully deployed a user-friendly team building platform, improving collaboration and productivity within the organization. Technologies used: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB. Online Hotel Searching Web Application Developed a comprehensive online hotel booking web application, enabling users to search for hotels based on location. Key features include: Search and Sorting: Users can search hotels by location and sort results by rating or price. Detailed Hotel Information: Each hotel listing includes ratings, exact location, room facilities, and an image gallery. Technology Stack: Leveraged Node.js, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the frontend and backend. Utilized ejs template for dynamic rendering, framework, and server-side Express.js MongoDB for database management. for