Deepali kumari Linkedn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepali-kumari-0b3305216/ Email: deepali.kumari181@gmail.com Mobile: +91-730-3440-828 Education  Noida Institute of Engineering And Technology Bachelor of Technology - Information Technology; GPA: 8.48 Greater Noida, India August 2022 - Present Courses: Operating Systems, Object-Oriented Programming, Data Structures, Analysis Of Algorithms, Cloud computing, Machine Learning, Networking, Databases, Calculus, Probability and Statistics  Prince Institute of Innovative Technology Diploma - Computer Science; GPA: 8 Greater Noida, India June 2022 Skills Summary  Languages:  Tools:  Platforms:  Soft Skills: Experience JavaScript, SQL, JAVA, HTML, CSS VS Code, GIT/Github, MySQL, IntelliJ/IDEA, Eclipse Linux, Web, Windows, AWS, GCP, Cloud, IBM Cloud Leadership, Event Management, Writing, Public Speaking, Time Management Remote Aug 2024 - Sep 2024  OctaNet Services Pvt Ltd. (Web Development) - Developed a Lending Page using HTML and CSS and Created a ToDo list Web page using HTML and CSS, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development and attention to detail. - Collaborated with a team to design user-friendly interfaces and improve website performance.  Bharat Inrern - Ratchet PHP WebSocketImplemented a WebSocket for low-latency real time exchange of posts and thread updates. Remote (Web Development) Nov 2023 - Dec 2023 - Developed a personal portfolio website using HTML and CSS and Created a replica of the Netflix home page using HTML and CSS, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development and attention to detail. - Implemented the layout of the Netflix home page, integrating responsive design concepts to guarantee optimal display on diverse devices and screen resolutions. Projects  Desktop Voice Assistant (Python, NLP).: - Developed a voice-controlled desktop assistant using Python and Natural Language Processing (NLP). - Integrated speech recognition, natural language understanding, and text-to-speech features for seamless user interaction. (February 24)  web extension on hiding abusive content  Java Script, HTML/CSS, VS Code: -Developed a browser extension using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS to automatically detect and hide abusive or harmful content on web pages. - Developed a web extension for users. - Implemented content filtering algorithms to identify offensive language and phrases in real-time. - Enhanced user experience by providing customizable settings for content sensitivity and display options. - Team project for the mid Sem project in a collage. (November 23)  Face recognition  Python, Machine Learning , VS Code: -Team project for the mid Sem project in a collage. - Developed a web application app to the users, Eco-friendliness using the Python and Machine Learning. - Learned how to use API ,Machine Learning and Many Libraries of Python. (February 23) Publications  Research Paper: Title: Desktop Voice Assistant: Journal: International Journal for Research in Applied Science and Engineering Technology (IJRASET) Details: Published paper on the development and application of a desktop voice assistant utilizing Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques. (May 24) Achievement:  Coursera Certification in Object Oriented Techniques using Java.  Coursera Certification in SQL.  Coursera Certification in Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation  Coursera Certification in Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure.  Completed Level 1-Build an Azure AI Vision Solution.  Certification In Full Stack Development from BharatIntern.  Research Publication in IJRASET (Desktop Voice Assistant). Extra -curricular activities. - Participated in many competitions in school and college like Selfie Hunt, Badminton, etc.