8006324325 | viyapityagi@gmail.com | viyapi-tyagi-aa9973231/ | https://github.com/viyapi191 Viyapi Tyagi Education Kiet Group Of Institutions Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Banarasi Das Memorial Se. Sec. Public School Senior Secondary Banarasi Das Memorial Se. Sec. Public School Higher Secondary Experience IBM - Online Internship AICTE Edunet Foundation  Completed the Front - End Development Courses  Developed a Project on Front End Clone of a E- commerce Site , Flipkart AICTE and EDU Skills - 10 Week Online Internship AICTE EDU Skills  Completed courses about AWS Academy Cloud Foundation  Completed courses about AWS Machine Learning Foundation Projects Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh july. 2021 2025 Siyana , Bulandshar Mar 2020  Mar 2021 Siyana , Bulandshar Mar 2018 Mar 2019 June 23  July 23 May 2023  July 2023 Billing and accounting Software for small enterprise | Mern , Web Development Ongoing  Developed a full-stack web application using with HTML, CSS with React as the frontend  It is a college Level Major Project where we are building the billing and accounting software for small enterprise which is responsible for automatically schedule vendor and invoice payments and reminders and where I am contributing in handling Frontend Part Of Web Development Domain.  It will completely different Software with interactive interface, good responsiveness and recommendations features Cafeteria management system | Html, CSS, GUI July 2022  July  Developed a Frontend website part using with good user interface  It was a Part Of Internship Program Conducted by Our College After Completion of First year Flipkart FrontEnd CloneHtml, CSS June 2023  Developed a Frontend part of a web application that replicates the core features and functionalities of the flipkart Platform,providing an immersive streaming experience for users.  It was made during an online internship after completion of 2nd year using the functioning of React , this project mainly aims to offer a visually appealing interface for shopping and exploring a variety of daily use items . Technical Skills Languages C, Basic SQL ,HTML, Learing C++ Developer Tools: Visual Studio Extra Curiculuar Activities  Active member and Project Head Of UDAY at Registered NGO UDDESHHYA.  Project Incharge at NGO in Past Year.  Lead various blood donation camps organized in collaboration with reputed Lion Blood Bank and donated a appreciable amout of 500+ units of Blood. Certification Python For Data Science. IBM Skills Build Internship Completion. AWS Cloud Foundation. AWS Academy Machine Learning Foundation. AICTE Internship Completion. 1st Runner Up in MIME in Prastuti Epoque 2023.