Dhruvi Gupta +91 9891561546 | dhruvigupta523@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub Education KIET Group Of Instituitions(AKTU) Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science | SGPA:7.75 Aster Public School(CBSE) Experience AWS Academy | Machine Learning Intern Virtual Ghaziabad, IN Aug. 2021  May 2025 Noida, IN Apr. 2020  Apr 2021 June 2023 Ghaziabad, IN  It explores the foundational ideas of machine learning, such as data preparation, algorithms, training, and evaluating models, and how to put them into practice using AWS services like Amazon SageMaker.  Demonstrated competence in algorithms like linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, random forests, support vector machines, k-nearest neighbors. KIET | Data Science Intern Virtual May 2023 Ghaziabad, IN  Acquired foundational understanding of supervised learning techniques including linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, and SVM, alongside exploration of unsupervised learning methods such as K-means clustering and PCA.  Introduced to reinforcement learning principles including Q-learning and policy gradients, gaining insights into agent-environment interactions and application domains such as game playing and robotics. Projects Sentiment Analysis Using Twitter Data | Machine Learning, NLP May 2023  Developed a model using NLP and Logistic Regression.  Implemented Scikit-learn for feature Extraction.  Utilizing the labeled data to train the sentiment analysis model as positive, negative and neutral.  Used stemming for data preprocessing and F1 score to evaluate the performance of the model. CodeHelp Blogs | HTML, CSS Feb 2024  Developed a comprehensive code help blog webpage focusing on responsive web design principles and core CSS concepts.  Implemented responsive design techniques using CSS media queries, flexbox, and grid layout to adapt webpage layouts across different devices and screen sizes.  Demonstrated proficiency in HTML and CSS coding practices to create visually appealing and user-friendly webpages. Technical Skills Languages: C/C++, SQL, Python, HTML/CSS Developer Tools/Frameworks: Git, Github, Sublime Text, Bootstrap, VS Code Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating System, DBMS, Machine Learning Achievements  Member at Vaani Music Club (2022 - present)  Participated at KIET MUN 2022 and represented Hungary in debates on United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. Also, received a special mention for outstanding diplomacy.  Coordinated TEDxKIET Women 2022, celebrating womens achievements in technology, art and innovation.