Aakash Kanaujiya +91 7388852807 aakasharya1430@gmail.com LinkedIn Github LeetCode Education Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College (Aliated to AKTU) Bachelor of Technology  Relevant Coursework: Computer Science & Engineering G N D P Y N I C Chhediyapara S P Basti Intermediate (Percentage: 77.4%)  Relevant Coursework: Science with Mathematics Technical Skills Languages: JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Java(programming) Technologies: React.js, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap Dev Tools: Visual Studio Code, GitHub Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithm Experience Techavtar Lead React.js Developer 2021 - 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh 2019 - 2020 Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh Aug 2023  Oct 2023 Remote  Have lead a team of 2 Frontend Developers and managed well to provide the satisfied work for 2 Clients.  Implemented features with React js that have helped in improving user Experience and overall engagement of the user.  Streamlined Frontend code to significantly boost application performance. Treeved Frontend Web Developer May 2023  July 2023 Remote  Designed and Developed responsive user interfaces with React.js , leading to improvement in user engagement by 35%.  Analyzed and operated multiple Rest APIs that have helped in transforming the User Experience .  Sorted initial bugs and optimized the overall code to improve the eciency and loading time of the web page by 60% . Projects Razorpay Clone | HTML, CSS, Tailwind, | Source Code  Designed a clone web application helps you accept online payments from customers across Desktop, Mobile web, Android & iOS.  Razorpay is open to all types of businesses, including private and public limited companies, LLPs, shop owners, NGOs, freelancers, teachers, and homepreneurs. It supports various online payment methods, such as credit and debit cards, net banking, UPI, and other popular e-wallets. Achievements  Have solved 50+ problems in Leet-Code.  Achieved certificate in Data Science with Python through Infosys Springboard  Achieved certificate in JavaScript Front-end Development: Framework