monisha-manchem | monishamanchem | Vijayawada, India | monishamanchem@gmail.com | +919493074126 Monisha Manchem EDUCATION SRM University, Amaravathi, India Bachelors of Technology - Computer Science and Engineering Sarada Educational Institutions, India Class XII Bharatiya Vidya Bhavans, India Class X WORK EXPERIENCE Insignia Consultancy Solutions  Data Science Intern 2021 - Present GPA: 8.03 2019  2021 Percentage : 96.1 2016  2019 Percentage : 90 May 2024 - Present  Contributing to the development of a recruitment platform leveraging advanced data science techniques that automates the application process by matching candidates with suitable job opportunities.  Enhancing the platform's performance by annotating data to train NER models for extracting entities, enhancing the platform's ability to analyze and match job requirements.  Conducting R&D to understand and implement machine learning models for natural language processing (NLP), with a focus on advanced techniques such as transformers. Smart Internz - Salesforce Developer Virtual internship  Gained hands-on experience in automation features And customizing Salesforce applications.  Developed and implemented custom objects, fields, and workflows to streamline operations and improve efficiency. May 2024 - June 2024 PROJECTS Secure Lab Access System using face recognition - Python Flask  Developed a responsive and visually appealing user interface using HTML,CSS, JavaScript enhancing the accessibility and user experience of the Secure Lab Access System.  Leveraged OpenCV library to implement facial recognition technology using Python Flask and integrated it with MySQL database management system to ensure secure and efficient access control. Online Exam System - Java  Designed an interactive Java-based online quiz application utilizing AWT and Swing libraries for GUI design.  Employed object-oriented programming principles to modularize code, effectively managing question handling and result presentation. Mini JavaScript Compiler - Python  Created custom lexer and parser using PLY and PyJsParser for lexical and syntax analysis of subsets of JavaScript language, showcasing proficiency in language processing tools.  Executed symbol table management and semantic analysis to validate and analyze JavaScript code structures, demonstrating expertise in language semantics and static analysis techniques. Process Manager - Operating Systems  Constructed a process manager using python to monitor and manage system processes efficiently.  Utilized the psutil library to gather detailed information about running processes, including their process ID, name, CPU utilization, memory utilization, and I/O utilization. ACHIEVEMENTS  Achieved a Gold medal in Indian National Interactive Science Olympiad (NISO)  Secured a Gold medal in Indian National Interactive Maths Olympiad (NIMO)  Attained a Gold medal in Mahatma Gandhi Rashtrabhasha Examination SKILLS Programming Languages: Java, Python, C, JavaScript Web Development: HTML, CSS, Flask, React.js, Node.js Miscellaneous: MySQL, Git, Latex Platforms: Linux, Web, Windows, MacOS Java(Basic) Python CERTIFICATIONS HackerRank Teachnook Swayam NPTEL DataBase Management System (Elite + Silver) Servicenow RELEVANT COURSEWORK Computer Science: Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management System, Operating Systems, Computer Networks Micro-Certification Mathematics: Discrete Mathematics, Linear Algebra, Probability, Statistics