Shivam Kumar sk2996226@gmail.com 8506038753 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh github.com/Kshivm PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Recent graduate with a strong foundation in computer science and a deep passion for deep learning and Python development.Eager to apply technical expertise and analytical skills to contribute to cutting-edge projects in a dynamic and growth-oriented environment. EDUCATION Geeta Sanjay Memorial Public School 10th 87.2% Geeta Sanjay Memorial Public School 12th 81.2% Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College B. Tech CSE(AIML) 72.4% PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE iNeuron Intelligence Pvt Ltd Intern Project: Prescription Label Reading Responsibilities: 2018 2020 2020  2024 05/2024  present Remote Contributed to the Prescription Label Reading project. Involved in product development and proof of concepts (PoCs). Completed performance and learning goals specific to the project. SKILLS Machine Learning Data Visualisation, Supervised learning algos, Unsupervised learning algos, Feature selection & extraction. Deep Learning- ANN,CNN,RNN Python Libraries Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Tensorflow, Keras PROJECTS Food Demand Forecasting Programming Language Python, HTML, CSS, C++, SQL Soft Skills Problem Solving, Time Management, Team Work, Fast learner Developed a Tableau dashboard for forecasting food demand using machine learning models (Random Forest, Gradient Boosting, KNN). Achieved highest accuracy with Gradient Boosting (MAE: 64.72, R: 0.88). Enhanced inventory management and staffing decisions, reducing operational costs and improving customer satisfaction. Instagram Clone Developed a web application that replicates the front-end of Instagram Incorporated user preferences for theme customization. Built using Technologies like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Graduate Admission Prediction Developed a predictive model to estimate the likelihood of graduate school admission using an Artificial Neural Network (ANN). Utilized Python libraries such as TensorFlow and Keras for model development and training. Implemented and tuned the ANN architecture, including the number of layers and neurons, to achieve the best predictive accuracy. ACHIEVEMENTS Shortlisted for Aspire Leadership Program Certified in AI Primer course   Solved 100+ DSA question in C+ INTERESTS Cricket Music Blogging Geopolitics