Neha Tripathi Mumbai, India  +919987459176 | nehatripathiofficial22@gmail.com Profile Passionate about cybersecurity, I'm a Fourth-Year Cyber Security Engineering student at Mumbai University actively seeking part-time opportunities or internships in Information Security roles. With a keen interest in programming and a love for networking, I bring hands on experience as a Full Stack Developer. I thrive on practical application, often experimenting with virtual machines to create innovative and complex setups. Eager to contribute my skills and knowledge to a dynamic cybersecurity environment. Experience FULL STACK DEVELOPER | AIIPLTEC PVT.LTD. | JULY 2023  JAN 2024  Gaining hands-on experience in designing and developing responsive and user-friendly web interfaces using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.  Developing proficiency in working with databases, including SQL, MySQL, and MongoDB, to create efficient data storage and retrieval systems.  Gaining experience in building RESTful APIs and integrating third-party services to enhance the functionality and user experience of web applications. SECURITY RESEARCHER | SISTMR | JAN 2022  MAR 2022  Proficient in conducting comprehensive security assessments, vulnerability analysis, and penetration testing to identify and mitigate potential risks.  Skilled in utilizing a wide range of security tools and methodologies to identify vulnerabilities in computer systems, networks, and applications.  Strong understanding of secure coding practices and network protocols, ensuring the implementation of robust security measures. ;.  Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to think critically and creatively to address complex security challenges. Education Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College B.E in Computer Engineering (Cyber Security), Mumbai University 2021  2025 CGPA: 9.33(Till 5th Semester) N.E.S Junior College of Science Higher Secondary in Science with Computer Science (HSC) 2019 - 2021 Percentage: 88.60 % ( First class) Skills & Abilities TECHNICAL SKILLS  BACK-END DEVELOPMENT :-| C | Python | Angular Js  DATABASE :- | MySQL | PostGreSQL | MongoDB  FRONT-END DEVELOPMENT :- | HTML | CSS | Javascript  Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)  Vulnerability Assessment and Penetration Testing  Endpoint Security, Network Security, Mobile Security  Digital Forensics SOFT SKILLS  Ethics and integrity.  Management skills.  Active listening.  Presentation skills.  Critical thinking.  Analytical reasoning. Achievements and accomplishments 1) PROJECTS:  VICTIM TRAFFICKING IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM: The Victim Trafficking Identification System is a powerful tool that utilizes advanced technology, including facial recognition and extensive databases to extensively identify and rescue victims of human trafficking, aiding in the fight against this grave violation of human rights.  STUDENT LEARNING ASSESSMENT PLATFORM(SLAP): The Student Learning Assessment Platform (SLAP) is a digital tool designed to evaluate and enhance student learning through interactive assessments and personalized feedback. It enables educators to track student progress, identify learning gaps, and tailor instruction to meet individual needs. 2) PAPER PUBLICATION:  Unmasking the Shadows: Empowering Antitrafficking Efforts Through Facial Recognition for Victim Identification and Rapid Rescue Operations :- Journal of Emerging Technologies and Innovative Research (JETIR). An International Open Access Journal Peer-reviewed, Referred Journal; (An International Scholarly Indexed Journal). 3) COMPETITIONS:  Aavishkar: I participated with my group in the Aavishkar Inter-Collegiate/Institute/Department Research Convention and successfully cleared two rounds with our project on the Victim Trafficking Identification System. Page 2