Nisha Kumari Hazaribagh, Jharkhand | Email: nknisha813@gmail.com | Ph: +91 8595488942 LinkedIn | GitHub | code chef OBJECTIVE: I bring strong problem-solving abilities; detail-oriented thoughts; as well as the ability to multitask. I am able to see an issue from all sides, work independently when needed and ask for help when necessary. Have the drive to take initiative at work and drive people. EDUCATION Advance Diploma in Software Programming, Delhi skill and Entrepreneurship University (DSEU) -An 18 Months residential course managed by Nav Gurukul social welfare organization Coursework Taken: Python Programming, C Programming, Problem Solving in Codechef, Web Development B.A, 2017 2020 Political Science, Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU). 12thGrade, Inter Science College Hazaribagh, Jharkhand 2016  2017 2022  2023 COURSE PROJECTS Travel Agency Website (Using HTML & CSS),(Link:https://ni199622.github.io/template_pioneer_journey/)   Developed a website to provide overseas popular tourist destination information with a focus on budget. Decide on the specific button hover animation concept that aligns with the overall design and theme of the website. It  Could be a subtle effect like a color change or a more elaborate animation like a scale or transition effect.  Identified the target audience, key features, and design preferences for the travel website. ATM Machine (Using Python) (Link: https://github.com/ni199622/ATM/blob/main/q1.py  A Mini project on implementing operations of the User Manual of ATM Machine which includes Statement.  Features like: Deposit, Withdrawal, Balance Enquiry, Statement, Quit. Calculator (Using HTML, CSS & JavaScript), Link: https://ni199622.github.io/Calculator/  Created basic arithmetic operations, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, to provide a fully functional calculator.  Designed an intuitive user interface with large buttons and a responsive layout, ensuring a seamless experience across different devices.  Utilized JavaScript for handling user interactions and performing real-time calculations, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development. LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE NavGurukul Delhi Campus Training and Placement Coordinator Jan 2023  May 2023  Supervised 5 other council members and managed placements data of students  Conducted MASHUP for better understanding of Competitive Platforms like CODECHEF.  Conducted interviews with students to assess their understanding and knowledge of their current topics, facilitating comprehensive evaluation and supporting their academic progress. VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE Workshop Career Excellence Two days career workshop with culture Associate of Nav Gurukul for Delhi Campus at Nav Gurukul.  Provided Students with guidance about career opportunities in different domains, define a vision of where they want to go and set specific, achievable goals to work towards.  Guided to online platforms to explore job opportunities in different sectors like Tech field as well non-Tech. Internship Experience Engineering-Intern on Atomic Work Software December 2023 - ongoing Infrastructure:  Worked on cloud projects using Amazon EC2, S3, and Lambda.  Helped move databases to Amazon RDS for better performance.  Built and launched serverless apps with AWS Lambda and API Gateway.  Collaborated with teams to solve cloud issues and improve resources.  Attended workshops to learn about AWS services and best practices. Quality Assurance Engineer:  Managed QA processes for ITSM projects, ensuring compliance with industry standards.  Implemented test automation frameworks, reducing manual testing efforts by 40%.  Executed regression testing and maintained test documentation.  Implemented continuous integration (CI) practices to support automated testing and deployment  Conducted functional and non-functional testing for IT service management applications.  Utilized various testing tools(TestSigma) and frameworks to enhance testing coverage and eciency. CERTIFICATIONS  Pre-placement classes, completed pre-placement class to enhance skills and readiness for future career opportunities conducted by Anudip Foundation, Apr 2023  Spoken English Course, Learn English communication & so skills, conducted by Delhi Skill Entrepreneurship University, Sep 2022-Nov 2022 TECHNICAL SKILLS: Window, Linux | Python, Django, Flask, C| AWS |terraform| docker| Microsoft Office |Selenium|Java| HTML, CSS and JavaScript | Cloud Fundamentals