Varsha Reddy Punuru  Varsha0925 | (cid:239) Varsha Punuru | # varshapunuru567@gmail.com | H +91-8555894538 Summary A diligent and enthusiastic computer science undergraduate with a passion for technology and a drive to excel in the field. Looking to develop new skills and grow knowledge. Enthusiastic at using educational knowledge and eager to apply knowledge to achieve goals. Dedicated to working hard to make positive contributions. Work Experience Web Development Intern Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Completed a rigorous web development internship at APSSDC, specializing in the Django framework. Throughout the program, I honed my skills in building dynamic web applications, utilizing Djangos powerful features to streamline development processes. AI Intern Aug 2023 - Sep 2023  Spearheaded a project focused on predicting animal species using Python within Google Colab, applying machine learning techniques to achieve precise species predictions. Projects PRODUCT RECOMMENDATION SYSTEM The project aimed to develop with the vast array of products listed on online platforms such as Flip- kart,users often find it challenging to locate products that meet their specific needs and preferences. The existing search mechanisms may not always yield the most relevant results, leading a suboptimal shopping experience and potentially lost sales. DETECTION OF COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS USING BLOCKCHAIN DETECTION OF COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS USING BLOCKCHAIN  using HTML,CSS as the frontend, Blockchain concepts as middleware, and MYSQL as backend.  Project aims to provide a blockchain-based anti-counterfeit system, addressing brand counterfeiting. COURT CASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM Our platform is a system for managing court cases that is designed to be comprehensive and make legal processes more efficient. It focuses on the users experience and has three main roles, which are User, Advocate and Judge. Education 2021 - present Bachelors Degree SRM University AP Class 12th BIEAP Board 2021 Class 10th APSSDC Board 2019 (GPA: 8.41/10.0) (957) (9.8) Skills Data Structures, C, C++, Python, HTML, CSS