GAURAV PAYAL (cid:131) 9149744734 # gaurav2p02@gmail.com (cid:239) www.linkedin.com/in/2oo3-gaurav  Gaurav22p Education KIET Group of Institutions,Delhi-NCR Dr. A. P. J. Abdul Kalam Technical University BTech in Computer Science Engineering, SGPA (aggregate): 8.6 Kendriya Vidyalaya Miran Sahib PCM X-XII (94.8%) Experience Sajawaat Home Web Development Intern Nov 2021  June 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Mar 2019  Apr 2021 Miran Sahib, Jammu Sept 2022  Present  Developed and maintained dynamic web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and MySQL and Built RESTful APIs with Node.js and Express.js to enhance website functionality.  Assisted in debugging and troubleshooting front-end and back-end issues and Collaborated with the team to implement new features and improve existing ones.  Leveraged data analysis techniques to extract insights from internal sales and customer data, contributing to the development of targeted marketing strategies and product recommendations. Ambuvians Healthcare CMO Aug 2023  Feb 2024  Led cross-functional teams in executing successful campaigns, elevating brand presence across traditional and digital channels.  Established and maintained strong relationships with key stakeholders, including healthcare professionals, to enhance referral networks.  Developed and maintained the front-end of healthcare web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and Utilized React and Bootstrap to create interactive and visually appealing user interfaces. E-cell Kiet Web Team Member Dec 2021  June 2025  Used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP to create dynamic and responsive web pages and Ensured cross-browser compatibility and optimized websites for performance.  Effectively presented design concepts to clients, explaining design rationale and adjustments, resulting in a deeper understanding and smoother approval processes.  Utilized advanced proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) and Canva to create intricate designs and layouts that captured the essence of various projects. Projects Amazon Clone  Dec 2023  Developed a full-stack e-commerce website inspired by Amazons visual design and layout. This project focused on replicating the appearance and functionality of the original website, including adding buttons and styling elements to mimic the appearance of the Amazon interface. Additionally, the project included backend functionality for user authentication, product catalog management, and order processing.  Technologies Used: React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Firebase, Stripe API Website Sajawaat Home  May 2023  Led the development and design of a full-stack website for SajawaatHome, a home decor and furnishings company. This project involved creating a dynamic and visually appealing online platform to showcase products, manage inventory, and facilitate customer purchases.  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Php, Firebase Authentication, and Stripe API. Website Uddeshhya  Jan 2023  Spearheaded the development of a full-stack website for Uddeshhya, a non-profit organization dedicated to providing education and empowerment opportunities to underprivileged children. The website aimed to serve as a platform for showcasing Uddeshhyas mission, programs, and impact, as well as facilitating donations and volunteer registrations.  Technologies Used: Figma for UI/UX design, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Firebase Authentication, Stripe API Elixer Mobile Application:  Nov 2022  Role: UI/UX Designer and Frontend Developer  Description: Designed and developed the user interface for Elixer, a blood donation platform aimed at connecting donors with recipients in need. Leveraged Figma to create intuitive and visually appealing interface designs that enhance user experience and engagement.  Technologies Used: Figma for UI/UX design  HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for frontend development Leadership and Awards  Designed promotional materials, including posters, banners, and social media graphics with fostering skill development and team cohesion.  Led a team of 15 members in organizing design workshops, guest speaker events, and collaborative design projects.  Actively contributed to community initiatives as a member of Team Uddeshhya, a leading NGO, fostering social change and empowering marginalized communities.  Led a team of organizers and volunteers in planning, organizing, and executing the annual flagship event Endeavour 23-24 at KIET E-Cell