Rohith Krishna R D a t a S c i e n c e S t u d e n t Enthusiastic and dedicated data science student with a strong foundation in analytical and technical skills. Currently seeking an internship opportunity to apply classroom learning to real-world projects and gain practical experience in data analysis, machine learning, and statistical modeling. Eager to contribute to a dynamic team and continue learning and growing in the field of data science. Projects Ensou A music system that uses K-means clustering for personalized song recommendations. Implemented a doubly linked circular linked list for song navigation and playback control, offering features like repeat, and lyric display. Designed the frontend using HTML/CSS, JavaScript and Flask framework. HotelHub-Pro A hotel management system using MySQL, with a server-client architecture. It does hotel operations, including room bookings, guest management, and PDF bill generation, all integrated with databases for efficient data management. The frontend is done using HTML/CSS and Flask as backend framework. Sign-Language-Recognition Implemented a real-time Sign Language Recognition system using Support Vector Machines (SVM) to interpret American Sign Language (ASL) gestures. Leveraged Python, OpenCV, Mediapipe, Scikit-Learn, and Streamlit for hand gesture capture, analysis, and symbol prediction. NewsPalette A News classification project where we have analyzed a dataset of news headlines and descriptions using python and used Naive bayes classifier to train a model to classify a set of headlines and its description into its respective news categories and display the categorized news using streamlit. Extra-Curricular Activities and Achievments Participated in CodeXplore hackathon conducted in PSG college of technology. Brown Sash 3 in Dragon Kung-Fu International. Contact Phone 93454-03449 Email rohith142003@gmail.com Linked In Rohith_KrishnaR Address 5/44 - A, SANKARA KRUPA CO OPERATIVE COLONY, TVS NAGAR, GOUNDAMPALAYAM, COIMBATORE, TAMIL NADU, 641030 Education 2021-2026- Msc Data Science PSG College of Technology 2021- Higher Secondary Education PSBB Millennium School Skills Python C++ SQL Tableau Language English Hindi Tamil