Gopala krishna Parimi  GKParimi (cid:239) Gopala-Krishna # gopalakrishna p@srmap.edu.in H +917780472151 Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, INDIA Summary Proficient multitasker with an exceptional work ethic and outstanding collaboration, problem-solving, and organizational abilities. I am consistently eager to assume extra responsibilities to accomplish team objectives. As a dependable and committed team player, I tackle every task with diligence and ingenuity. Education  2021 - Present:B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering,SRM University AP(CGPA: 8.36/10.0) Courses: Data Structures, Operating Systems, Computer Networks, Software Engineering, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Systems Algorithms Development, Object Oriented Programming.  2021: Class 12th,NRI Junior College, BIEAP Board  2019: Class 10th,St. Laurels EM School, BSEAP Board (Marks: 917/1000) (CGPA: 9.8/10.0) Skills Programming Languages:C++, Python, Java Web Development: Databases: Development Tools: HTML,CSS,MERN-Stack(MongoDB,Express.js,React.js,Node.js,RESTful APIs) MongoDB, MySQL VS Code,GitHub,MySQL. Projects  Shared Wheels - A Carpooling site | Full StackJan 2024 - May 2024  Developed a carpooling webpage to connect commuters for shared rides, reducing travel costs and  environmental impact. Implemented features like ride matching, user profiles, and scheduling, enabling users to plan and organize trips in advance.Enhanced user experience by innovative solutions to promote efficient carpooling.  Fake Review Detection | Data Science and Deep LearningAug 2023  Dec 2023  Developed a model using BERT and BiLSTM to detect fake reviews with high precision.  Performed data analysis, preprocessing, and feature engineering to improve model accuracy.  Trained and fine-tuned the model, achieving a 90.5% accuracy in distinguishing between fake and genuine reviews.  Voice Assistant | PythonAug 2022 - Dec 2022  Developed a voice assistant to recognize and respond to user commands using speech recognition  technology. Integrated Python libraries for voice recognition, natural language processing, and text-to-speech functionality.Created a system that delivers accurate responses to user commands through efficient speech processing. Internship-Certification  Data Analysis using Python Intern Link APSSDC, June 2023 - Sep 2023  Developed a model to analyze car manufacturing data, performed exploratory data analysis, and applied machine learning algorithms to enhance car recommendations based on user specifications and budget. Optimized the model to deliver precise and tailored recommendations for users.  Salesforce Developer Intern Link SmartBridge, May 2024 - Jun 2024  Proposed custom applications with Apex and Lightning Web Components, improving functionality on the Salesforce platform.