Yatharth Khanna Male, 20 years | khannayatharth82@gmail.com | +918860672737 5x World & 9x National Limca Book of Record Holder | Deans & Student Excellence Awardee | TryHackMe: Top 5% EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS B. Tech, CSE AI-ML Class XII, CBSE Class X, CBSE Manipal University Jaipur K.R. Mangalam World School, Delhi K.R. Mangalam World School, Delhi 8.87/10 94.8% 94% 2025 2021 2019 Skills Certifications Python (TensorFlow,Pytorch,Keras,Pandas,Scikit-learn,OpenCV,NLTK,spaCy,Django,Flask,Streamlit), SQL, C, R, MATLAB Azure Fundamentals | Azure AI Fundamentals | Cyber Security Management Virtual Experience Program, ANZ Cybersecurity Essentials | CCNAv7: ENSA | CCNAv7: RSWE | Digital Forensics Essentials | Ethical Hacking Essentials Introduction to Derivatives | Introduction to Packet Tracer |Junior Cybersecurity Analyst Network Dfense Essentials ACADEMIC & CO-CURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS  Secured a spot in the top 5% on TryHackMe by participating as a Capture the Flag player and sharpening cybersecurity skills.  Successfully navigated the interview process for the Xartup Fellowship Program, earning a spot in the prestigious initiative  Obtained acceptance into the Microsoft Startups Founders Hub, capitalizing on technical advantages and business support.  Captained MUJs chess team, securing 2nd position in Inter-University competition and participating in AIU. FIDE Rating:1464  Earned Gold and Silver medals at the national-level French Olympiad, which was hosted by the Embassy of France. 2024 2024 2024 2023 2019 AI-ML Intern July24  Present Developer Intern Work Experience Salesforce  Earned 13 Super-badges, including Developer Super Set, Process Automation Specialist, Apex Specialist. Demonstrated expertise in automating business processes, optimizing flows, and enhancing approval workflows using Salesforces advanced tools and techniques. Infosys Springboard  Conducted an electricity demand & price forecasting project using linear regression, random forest, gradient boosting and LSTM  Achieved the lowest MAPE with tuned models: 4.94% for price (random forest) and 1.03% for load (gradient boosting). Celebal Technologies  Contributed to the Privileged Identity Management project, focusing on enhancing security measures within cloud infrastructures. PWC Feb 24  June24  Achieved completion of the Analytics Insight stream with a total score of 94% across all 4 micro-certifications demonstrating proficiency in IT Fundamentals, RDBMS, Programming Fundamentals & Data Engineering, with insights from industry experts. Edunet Foundation & AICTE Aug23  Oct 23  Implemented a sentiment analysis model using PCA for dimensionality reduction and a SVM classifier for sentiment classification.  Successfully completed 18 comprehensive courses in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning through the IBM SkillsBuild program. YBI Foundation  Implemented Convolutional Neural Network for character recognition, thereby improving precision in hand-written digit identification. Finlatics  Employed case study methodology for business analysis, proposing data-centric solutions. Proficient in Power BI for sales data insights.  Received HR Skill Assessment recognition from the Government of India via the Business Intelligence Performance Report (BIPR). Analytics Insight Launchpad Trainee Cloud infra & Security Intern Business Analyst Trainee July 23  Aug23 May24  July24 May24  July24 June 23  July23 AI & ML Intern AI Intern PROJECTS Academic Projects AI Text Summarizer App  Built and deployed a comprehensive fullstack app on Replit, incorporating HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Node.js  Leveraged various APIs using Postman, specifically utilizing the Hugging Face Inference API for AI text summarization. Dec23 POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY MUJ Sept 23  Present Founder & President, Chess Society  Designed and conducted 8+ educational workshops aimed at enhancing participants' chess skills and strategic thinking.  Orchestrated chess tournaments, overseeing arrangements and coordinating both in-person and virtual events. Managing Director, Cyber Space Club - The Cybersecurity Club  Directed a team of over 25 individuals, coordinating significant events and workshops throughout the institute.  Promoted from the Content Head to Managing Director, demonstrating adept leadership and strategic acumen. Marketing Head and Event Manager, AIC Startup Mela 2.0 Feb 23  Mar 23  Led a team of 7+ students and facilitated the sourcing of startups from across India to exhibit at AIC Startup Mela 2.0  Collaborated with a team of designers, content-creators, and marketers to ensure effective event implementation Jan23  Aug 23 AMBASSADOR PROGRAMS Microsoft  Elevated to the role of Beta Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador, recognized for technical proficiency and community leadership Chess.com  Led MUJ's chess club, orchestrating 12+ tournaments on the Chess.com platform to elevate the university's chess culture. Student Learn Ambassador College Ambassador June 22  Present Nov 23  Present