Imaad Patel Determined computer engineer seeking an opportunity to work in an environment that encourages professional growth and success. Eager to utilize my skills and knowledge in a dynamic setting. EDUCATION BE (Computer Engineering) KJ Trinity College of Engineering and Research, Pune 07/2020 - 06/2024, HSC Poona College of Arts, Science and Commerce,Pune 06/2019 - 06/2020, ICSE The Arhanas - Rosary School, Pune 05/2017 - 05/2018, CERTIFICATES CGPA-8.06 69% 73% Python for Data Science, AI & Development, IBM The "Python for Data Science, AI, and Development Certication" provides participants with essential skills and knowledge in Python programming tailored specically for applications in data science, articial intelligence (AI), and software development. This certication program equips learners with a solid foundation in Python programming language, emphasizing its practical use in projects . Full Stack Software Development Assessment The "Full Stack Software Development Assessment Certicate" recognizes individuals who have successfully demonstrated prociency in full-stack software development through an assessment-based program. This certicate validates the holder's comprehensive understanding of web development, along with their ability to design, develop, and deploy full-stack applications. PERSONAL PROJECTS Automated Hate Speech Detection Model Created a model to detect hate speech using a Recurrent Neural Network .Dened Hate Speech as oensive discourse targeting a group or an individual based on inherent characteristics (such as race, religion, or gender) that may threaten social peace. iampat3112@gmail.com 8055438334 Pune, India SKILLS Python Web Development HTML MySQL Good communication Time management Team work LANGUAGES English Full Professional Prociency Hindi Full Professional Prociency Marathi Professional Working Prociency Spotify Clone INTERESTS cyber security Web development The "Spotify Clone Project" is a software development endeavor aimed at recreating the core functionalities of the popular music streaming service, Spotify. This project involves building a web application that allows users to browse, search, and play music from a vast catalog. Key features typically include user authentication, personalized playlists, music. Covid Data Analysis The "Covid Data Analysis System"is a designed to eciently organize, track, and analyze data related to Covid-19 pandemic .It provides a centralized platform for storing and managing various Covid-related data points such as patient. Railway Reservation System The "Railway Reservation System Project "aims to streamline the process of booking train tickets by providing a user- friendly and ecient online platform