(cid:131) 9345250053 # sriranjania2004@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/sriranjani  github.com/sriranjani2004 SRI RANJANI A Education B.E. in Computer Science and Engineering Chennai Institute Of Technology 8.95 CGPA 2021  2025 SKILLS Languages Frontend Backend Database : Java, Python, JavaScript, SQL : HTML, CSS, TailWindcss,React.js : Flask, Node.js, Express.js : MySQL Developer Tools Tools Additional : Git, VS Code, PyCharm, IntelliJ : Figma, Canva : Linux, Docker Internship Experience Teachnook Fullstack Developer Intern Jun 2023  Jul 2023  Gained practical experience with React JS, and worked on backend development tasks using Express.js.  Acquired proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React, with insights into responsive design and MySQL Database.  Collaborated with team members using version control systems such as Git to organize modifications and assign tasks. LearnSmasher Edtech Llp Data Science Intern Nov 2023  Dec 2023  Leveraged Machine Learning Algo for efficient data manipulation and preprocessing, ensuring data quality.  Collaborated with a skilled team, continuously learning and honing effective time management skills.  Contributed to project objectives through expertise in data science during the internship period. Projects Crop Prediction System | HTML, CSS, React, Flask Mar 2024 - Apr 2024  Built a Flask backend and React frontend platform for urban agricultural decision-making.  Provided guidance on the appropriate timing for fertilizer application and harvesting to maximize land productivity.  Implemented soil analysis tools to monitor nutrient levels and recommend soil treatments for optimal crop growth.  Achieved up to 90% accuracy in crop prediction, enhancing users ability to generate profits from their land. Meeting Scheduler App| Reactjs, Nextjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, Tailwindcss, Firebase Mar 2024 - Apr 2024  Automates email reminders and streamlines meeting management with a user-friendly interface and notifications.  Syncs with popular calendars, offers meeting analytics, and is compatible across devices and track the meeting details.  Guarantees secure data handling through strong encryption, utilizing Kinde authentication.  Efficiency: Efficiently manages and support the requirements of over 200 users, ensuring optimal performance. Fake or Real News Detection Website| HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Flask Nov 2023 - Dec 2024  Designed and implemented a user-friendly interface and facilitate easy navigation for news verification.  Developed a Flask-based backend news articles and determine their authenticity using machine learning algorithm.  Enabled users to verify news articles and view detailed analysis results using Multinomial Naive bayes algorithm.  Enhanced system performance, achieving a 50% improvement in processing speed and accuracy of news detection. CERTIFICATIONS Introduction to Cybersecurity and Cyber Security Essentials NPTEL Certification in Java Complete Webdevelopment Bootcamp Introduction to Front-End Development With Reactjs Introduction to UI&UX : Cisco Networking Academy : IIT Kharagpur : UDEMY : Coursera : Coursera [Feb 2023] [Oct 2023] [Jun 2023] [Sep 2023] [May 2023] PROGRAMMING ACHIEVEMENTS : Solved 300+ problems, demonstrating strong problem-solving skills. Profile Link : Solved 150+ diverse problems with dedication.Profile Link : Solved 1000+ problems, enhancing proficiency in programming languages Profile Link Leetcode Codechef Skillrack Hackfusion : Finalist in Chennai Institute of Technologys intra-college Hackfusion competition. : Finalist in Chennai Institute of Technologys intra-college competition. IMinds