Kunal Jagadale (cid:131) +91 9022251073 # kunalj0325@gmail.com (cid:239) LinkedIn/kunal-jagadale  Github/kuna1j Education Manipal University Jaipur Computer Science Professional Experience WictroniX AI/ML Developer Intern July 2021  Expected June 2025 CGPA: 8.02 June 2023  August 2023 Remote  Developed scripts using Python and used a custom-trained YOLOv8 model, enabling real-time identification of leader-follower pairs of detected vehicles in video data.  Engineered data visualization components and CSV file to display the identified leader-follower pairs and their relative positions over time, providing insights into traffic dynamics.  Worked in an agile environment, adapting to changing requirements and collaborating closely with mentors and peers to achieve project milestones. Projects FinDash | Typescript, MERN, MUI, Deployment, Machine Learning May 2024  Developed a dynamic Finance Dashboard app using the MERN stack, incorporating Machine Learning to provide predictive analytics.  The frontend is built with Vite, Redux Toolkit, Material UI, and Recharts for an interactive user experience. Implemented a robust backend with Node.js, Express.js, and MongoDB for seamless data management and real-time insights. CraftResume - An AI Resume Builder Tool | ReactJS, Vite, Tailwind CSS, Strapi, Clerk January 2024  CraftResume is an AI-powered resume builder that streamlines the creation of professional resumes using React.js, Vite for fast development, Strapi as a headless CMS, Clerk for user authentication, and Tailwind CSS for sleek, responsive design.  With seamless integration and a user-friendly interface, CraftResume ensures that job seekers can easily create, edit, and delete their resumes, enhancing their chances of landing the perfect job. Technical Skills Languages: Python, JavaScript, Java, Typescript Databases: MySQL, MongoDB Developer Tools: Git, VS Code, Kaggle, Google Colab, Docker Technologies/Frameworks: Data Structures and Algorithms, Machine Learning, OOPs, Computer Networks, Node.js, React, Flutter, Express.js, Redux, Clerk Achievements  Ranked in top 5 teams at AI Bot Development Manipal University (MU), Jaipur  CodeChef (Rating: 1436) Co-Curricular Activities  Key member of the organizing committee for Oneiros23, the annual college fest at Manipal University Jaipur, contributing to the successful execution of diverse events and activities that enhanced campus life and student engagement.  Organized and hosted a competitive gaming event for the Glitch! eSports Society at my college, showcasing top gaming talent through a series of thrilling esports tournaments. Certificates  Data Structures, Coursera  Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java, Coursera  Machine Learning: AI, Python and R, Udemy  Getting Started with Enterprise-grade AI, IBM  Internship Certificate, Wictronix