Sowmya H HR Operations Lead & Administration Profile Summary 15 Years 0 Month With over 12 years of experience, I have a proven track record in sowmya8277@gmail.com (+91) 8095590765 Key Skills Payroll Management End to End Recruitment Payroll Management, Recruitment, Employee Engagement, and Vendor Management. My expertise extends to Accounts Payable & Receivables, along with a strong ability to oversee comprehensive administrative activities. I am skilled in Travel Management, Expense Tracking, and providing seamless support to leadership teams. Additionally, I bring proficiency in HR Operations, Onboarding, Documentation, and managing Employee Grievances, with a deep understanding of HRMS systems Education HR Operations 2005, Full Time Engagement Activities Reporting & Documentation Administrative Activities Vendor payment Employee Grievances Employee Benefits Accounts Payable & Receivables Certification QUICKBOOKS CERTIFICATE Udemy Certified Compensation & Payroll Management Professional-24 LLB, Law Bangalore Institute of Legal Studies, Bangalore , 59% 2000 12th, Karnataka, English, 75-79.9% 1998 10th, Karnataka, Kannada, 65-69.9% Work Experience 2017 - Present HR Operations Lead & Administration Innovate Networks E-Services Pvt Ltd Key Result Area HR Activities: Processing payroll Handle activities from pre boarding to exit formalities. Preparation of employee engagement activity calendar Follow up on timely appraisals, attendance management End to end recruitment process Personal Information Managing database using the HRMS software (Keka) City Bengaluru Country INDIA Languages English, Hindi, Kannada PF processing Timely release of offer letters, confirmations, and relieving letters Manage the health insurance policy. Employee Benefits & Grievances. Accounts & Administrative activities: Preparation of monthly invoices, follow up and disbursement of payments to various vendors. Generating monthly revenue reports and presenting data to the senior management and publishers Provide all financial documents including bank statements and other reports for audit purposes. Manage office premises, purchase of essentials and lease documentations. Payment of utility bills Intramural services such as safety, health is carried on effectively. Extramural Services such as looking after housekeeping, recreation, etc. 2010 - 2016 Associate Accounts MAHINDRA HOME FINANCE Key Result Area Ensured to check all receipts transferred from WEB & LENDING & Authorization in LMS Cheque disbursements Tally cash on hand and post the Contra & cash in hand confirmations at Month ends Follow up on Non transferred Receipts with Branches Pre closure & NOC Follow up with HO Reissue, refund process. NAX FILES - RECALL & REFILLS Training to Cashiers 2009 - 2010 Officer Process Support Executive Mahindra Insurance Brokers Limited Key Result Area To co-ordinate with the customers & forward the leads to field employees for MLS business & maintain proper record of the same. To maintain the proper records of all the calls made in the format provided by HO & send the same to HO on daily basis. Resolve customer queries and problems and troubleshoot them. 2008 - 2008 Processing Executive Future Money (Future Groups) Key Result Area 2006 - 2007 Back Office Executive Silicon Motors Key Result Area