Surieya N (cid:211) +91 8610540677  surieyasurieya@gmail.com   Surieya N  (cid:135) Surieya Education Chennai Institute of Technology BE Electronics and Communication Engineering (CGPA: 8.3/10) Sep 2021 - Jun 2025 Work Experience May 2023  July 2023 ALORA - CLOTHING BRAND Frontend Developer Intern  Engineered a seamless responsive website for the brand.  Integrated engaging features while incorporating animations into the website, enhancing its interactivity and visual appeal  Closely engaged with colleagues to efficiently achieve project milestones and complete assigned tasks. LUMOS MAGAZINE Fullstack Developer  Worked in creating our institution magazines website lumoscit.in  Effectively integrated the React JS frontend with 10+ API endpoints, ensuring seamless data flow and real-time updates.  Played a crucial role in identifying 20+ bugs and resolving complex issues to optimize the websites performance. VIDYUTRENZ (ECE Symposium) Frontend Developer  Took part in creating our departments website vidyutrenz.in  Designed and implemented a user-friendly website by collaborating with a team of 5 members to develop the website.  Crafted 10+ captivating animations using Framer Motion, enhancing the websites design,promoted event participation. Aug 2023  Sep 2023 Aug 2023  Sep 2023 Projects Quiz-Master - Code Snippet Test (cid:135) Tech Stack:Next js,PostgreSQL,NextAuth  Implemented quizzes for multiple programming languages, including syntax highlighting for code snippets.  Crafted logic to randomly generate quizzes from a pool of questions to ensure variety.  Users received instant feedback and scoring immediately upon completing the quiz, enabling quick performance review. Fashion - Fusion E-Commerce Webapp (cid:135) Tech Stack:React.js,Node.js,Express.js,React Query, MongoDB  Spearheaded the design and development of an Ecommerce site using React and Express.js.  Utilized React Query to manage server state efficiently, reducing unnecessary re-renders and improving overall performance.  Built secure authentication and authorization using JWT for access and refresh token management, ensuring robust security. Gymso Gym-Website (cid:135)  Developed a landing page named Gymso using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and contributed for open source project.  Utilized Git for version control, managed code repositories,to ensure a streamlined development process.  Made contribution to open source projects by adding features, fixing bugs,enhanced documentation, showcasing technical skills. Skills  Languages:Java,C,C++,JavaScript,TypeScript,Go.  Web:React,Next,Node, Express,SpringBoot,PostgreSQL.  DevOps:Docker,Git,AWS,  App:React Native,Expo  Design:Figma,Canva.  Tools:VS Code,Postman. Certifications Programming Profiles  LeetCode:Solved 150+ problems with rating of 1589. (Surieya)  Codeforces: Newbie with a rating of 851 in programming contests. (surieyasurieya)  CodeChef : Secured the Maximum rating of 1275 in the contests. (surieya ) Achievements  Cybersecurity Essentials - Cisco  CCNA 1 , CCNA 2 and CCNA 3 - Cisco  Python - Cisco  RPA Citizen Developer Foundation - UiPath Academy  Conquering Responsive Layouts - Kevin Powell  CyberHackathon: Selected as top 15 teams among 250 teams.  Hacktoberfest23:Actively participated and donated to 4 open source projects  HackerRank:Attained proficiency of 4 stars