ANSHIKA MISHRA DEVELOPER , PROGRAMMER P R O F I L E Dedicated and highly motivated Django developer student with a strong passion for web development and a proven track record of delivering high- quality projects. Proficient in Python programming language and experienced in building web applications using the Django framework. Possessing a solid understanding of software development principles, database design, and web technologies. Committed to continuous learning and staying updated with the latest trends and best practices in web development. Eager to leverage my skills and expertise to contribute effectively to innovative projects and further enhance my capabilities in the field. W O R K E X P E R I E N C E JumpingMInds Backend Developer Intern (Python,Django) JULY 2023- SEP 2023 worked on implementing new features or functionality within existing web applications. It involved understanding project requirements, designing solutions, and writing clean code to implement the features. written technical documentation, user guides, and API documentation to facilitate knowledge transfer. Mobifly Django Intern FEB 2023 -APR 2023 developed various components of web applications using Django, including user authentication, authorization, CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations, and integrating third-party APIs. Some projects- Blog Application: Build a basic blogging platform where users can create, view, edit, and delete blog posts. This project covers topics such as user authentication, permissions, and working with relational databases. Social Media Platform: Build a basic social media platform where users can create profiles, connect with friends, share updates, and comment on posts. This project includes topics such as user authentication, user relationships, and building a news feed. Ice-Cream authentication. includes proper selling web application that C O N T A C T +91 7355710090 mishraanshi004@gmail.com 100C, C-Block, Shyam Nagar, kanpur E D U C A T I O N 2022-2025 AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE persuing BTECH (CS) branch. 2018-2020 OXFORD MODEL SENIOR SECONDARY SCHOOL 10th and 12th standard CBSE GPA: 9.5 S K I L L S Project Management Public Relations Teamwork Time Management Leadership Effective Communication Critical Thinking L A N G U A G E S C,C++, Python, Java ,Jupyter Notebook Django, Javascript , css , html SQL ,query