Abhijeet Kumar 8409798729 pathakabhijeet425@gmail.com abhijeetkumar13 github.com/Abhijeetx02 CGPA Current  6.97 / 66.2% 20212025 Percentage  60.8 20182020 Percentage  63.4 20152018 EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech Information Technology International School , Patna 12th/HSC International School , Patna 10th/SSC EXPERIENCE Randomize Muj Jaipur, India (06/202207/2023)  Organized and led weekly meetings to discuss club activities and initiatives.Spearheaded team leadership in executing various tech club projects, ensuring seamless coordination, task delegation, and timely project delivery; achieved 100 Percent completion rate on all initiatives within set deadlines  Orchestrated the complete redesign of the tech club website, boosting user engagement by 40 percent through interactive features, streamlined navigation, and real-time event notifications to 300+ members. Growth by attending relevant conferences, workshops, and online courses related to technology and leadership development.  Increased membership by 20 percent through targeted recruitment efforts. Raised 1lacs in funds through successful fundraising events. PROJECTS  Library Management System Designed a seamless user experience management system interface ensuring a seamless user experience.Developed features for librarians to manage book inventory, track borrowing and returning activities, and generate reports.Proficient in library management systems, adept at cataloging, organizing, and maintaining library resources. Skilled in database management, ensuring accurate and efficient retrieval of information. Experienced in implementing and troubleshooting library software, enhancing user experience and workflow efficiency. To close the gap, libraries require a modern library management system with an intuitive interface, effective cataloguing, and analytics capabilities to resurrect libraries as vibrant centres of knowledge and community involvement in the digital era.  Whatsapp Chat Business Analyzer It is a Python tool that enables you to analyze and visualize your WhatsApp chat data with Enhanced user experience with a user-friendly interface allowing users to upload chat logs and generate comprehensive reports using AI(Python). utilizing data analysis tools and techniques to identify patterns, sentiments, and key information within conversations. Proficient in generating reports and visualizations to present findings effectively. Capable of leveraging natural language processing (NLP) techniques to extract valuable information from unstructured text data. we aim to develop a complete interface where users can upload the WhatsApp chat in text format by exporting the chat from WhatsApp. SKILLS  Porgramming Languages: C++ , C  Web Technologies: Html , CSS , JavaScript  Others: Data Structures Algorithms , Microsoft Excel , MS Word , Canva CERTIFICATIONS   Introduction to Data Analytics Introduction to CyberSecurity Essentials  Strategy Consulting Job Simulation  Tata Group Data Visualisation