Chirag Aggarwal New Delhi, India i@chirag.sh +91 9971057921 in/jetchirag https://chirag.sh EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering (with Specialization in AI & ML) Manipal University Jaipur  Jaipur, India  2025  8.68 AISSCE Rainbow Public School  Delhi, India  2020  94.2% SKILLS Languages: C++, Python, Bash, SQL Machine Learning: Supervised Learning, Beginner NLP Framework: Django, FastAPI, Flask Other: Technical Writing, Git, Linux EXPERIENCE Google Summer of Code Contributor Python Software Foundation  Second time contributor in GSoC with Sub Organization Pwndbg (a plugin for GDB used for Reverse Engineering).  Added support for jemalloc - a malloc implementation that emphasizes on fragmentation avoidance and scalable concurrency support.  Authored code to parse and navigate intricate metadata structure used by jemalloc to help debug applications using jemalloc. May 2024 - Present Undergraduate Intern Dell Technologies  Proposed and implemented automation in Python for data compilation to reduce weekly hands-on time by 67% on average.  Developed a Dashboard to allow users to monitor automation jobs using Angular, Flask, and Ansible.  Optimized API used for Sourcing Guidance resulting in a 20% decrease in response time and a 40% decrease in connection errors. May 2024  July 2024, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India Google Summer of Code Contributor Python Software Foundation  Developed new features including Advanced Filtering, Passphrase change option for Borg Repositories, time-based filtering for Borgmatic.  Discovered and fixed a critical bug in BorgBackup's filtering logic that crashed the application resulting in prompt merge by maintainers.  Introduced Integration tests for BorgBackup in Vorta along with Nox configuration and GitHub Actions to automate these tests. May 2023 - September 2023, Software Development Intern AceIPM eLearning Private Limited  Collaborated with the aspirants to identify issues and improve the mock test platform.  Utilized Python, Django, and PostgreSQL to create interactive report allowing users to overview their progress and identify key weaknesses.  Added feature to gamify the scores for 1.5K+ users resulting in more than 17% increase in user engagement. July 2023 - September 2023, Noida, India Co-Founder VapourHost Private Limited  Maintained Linux production and backup servers hosting 8,500+ domains serving over 150 million pages monthly.  Wrote Internal and Public Technical Documentation and was responsible for managing it.  Wrote scripts to perform repeated tasks and automated deployment of servers using Bash, Python and Ansible. October 2016 - Present, Uttarakhand, India PROJECTS Website Preview Tool May 2023  June 2023 ResolveHost  https://resolvehost.link  Developed Website Preview Tool which helps in previewing a website on a specified IP Address by acting as a reverse proxy.  Utilized Python/FastAPI for performance, Redis for Instant Database and Supabase for Persistent Database. College Job Portal Manipal University Jaipur  https://www.manipaljaipurcareers.tech  Worked with the team to develop an interactive public form and HR Dashboard by utilizing NodeJS, MongoDB and AWS.  Optimized the platform to handle 100+ concurrent sessions for applications. November 2022  February 2023 CyberPanel October 2017  June 2020 CyberPanel/LiteSpeed Technologies  https://cyberpanel.net  Contributed as a Core Developer during the initial stages of a now popular server management panel.  Author of several core functions Including Cron Job Management, One-Click Joomla Installer, Server Status Page, Backups etc.  Utilized Python and Docker to create an interface to manage and deploy containers resulted in 30%+ increase in GitHub stars. ACHIEVEMENTS 2 consecutive Deans List recipient Student Excellence Awardee  Finalist and Team Leader at Smart India Hackathon 2022    Head of Web Development at CodeChef MUJ Club  Winner of Code-It-On IEEE Genesis and Designathon by IEEE MUJ