9325280540 jaigudesahil@gmail.com LinkedIn Profile SAHIL JAIGUDE Full Stack Web Developer is also technologies who PROFILE Freshly graduated web developer with a strong background in front-end and back- end very motivated. Proficient with MySQL, Python, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. a quick learner, adept at solving problems, and someone who is passionate about building visually beautiful and user-friendly websites. Eager to work in a collaborative team environment and advance professionally in innovative online projects. Strong communication and interpersonal abilities, as well as a track record of working both alone and in teams, are required. SKILLS Programming Languages: HTML5 CSS Scripting Languages: JavaScript Python ReactJS Query Language : MySQL MongoDB PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Web Developer Intern Oasis Infobyte Jun '23-Jul '23 Successfully Created a Personal Portfolio Page with HTML and CSS to highlight projects, skills, and passion for creating engaging user experiences. Built pragmatic software solutions to deliver features without compromising code quality Developed a Student-Registration Form web-app. Efficient student registration web app streamlining enrollment processes. Seamlessly captures and manages student data with user-friendly interface. Web Development Intern LetsGrowMore May '23-Jun '23 Developed an interactive to-do-list web-app using HTML, CSS & JS. It allows you to effortlessly manage your tasks and stay organized and boost productivity. Analyzed existing codes and formulated efficient processes for 5+ programs to enhance user experience Created a React App to Display the user card grid lay having a navbar showing the brand name and Added a button on navbar saying 'Get Users', which makes an API call to get the user data. PROJECTS Real Estate Selling Using Blockchain Academic Project Jul '23-Apr '24 Revolutionize the real estate sector through the tokenization of assets. Enabling fractional ownership, tokenization optimizes capital utilization, enhances market liquidity, and reduces transaction costs, thereby streamlining asset management and offering alternative investment Salon Management System Dec '22-Dec '22 Web Services: REST SOAP Academic Project JSON GitHub UX & UI Design Team Management Proficient Communication Skills Time Management Organizational Skills Positive Attitude A Simple, Flexible, and Powerful booking software for your business for salon. Front-End Development - HTML, CSS & JavaScript. Back-End - MySQL & PHP to back the interface with advanced database functionality. Telegram Chatbot in Python Personal Project Developed and deployed a Telegram chatbot using Python, python-telegram-bot, and OpenAI's GPT API for advanced natural language processing. Integrated user interaction flows, database operations, and API services for enhanced functionality and user experience. EDUCATION H.S.C. (Information Technology) Terna Vidyalaya & JR. College Bachelors of Engineering, Information Technology A.C. Patil College of Engineering CERTIFICATIONS LOR from LetsGrowMore Virtual Internship Program as a Tech Intern Web Development & Designing Program at CodingSaathi. Presented / Contributed at Multicon International and National Conference Jan '19-Jan '20 Jan '20-Jan '24