Juhi Saha +91 8797999982  sahajuhi.13@gmail.com  Jaipur,Rajasthan PROFILE College student with keen interest in Artificial Intelligence(AI) and to explore and contribute to the field of AI with research and applications. Excellent problem solving skills and adaptable to newer technologies. Looking for opportunities to gain experience through projects, internships and career opportunities. SKILLS Java PHP Typescript C/C++ MySQL HTML PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Jun 2024 - Aug 2024 Python Javascript CSS CollegeDekho.com Product Testing Intern Accomplishments: Developed Web-scraper to find and validate official website URLs using playwright, selenium, markdownify, beautifulsoup4 and Open-AI python libraries that increase reliability from 55% to 93%. Conducted user testing and validated products to ensure product quality. Conducted testing and implemented processes to improve OCR overall hallucinations. PROJECTS Artist Merchandise Shopping 04/2022 Creating a page with three tabs ,the first tab contains the introductory information about the artist and his history. The second tab consists of its date of concerts and where it is performing . The third tab consists of the merchandise by the band artists that can be added to the cart using javascript and summed and that can be bought. If any changes to the cart is to be made by the user he can edit or delete the items by using the plus and minus operation Once all the items are in the cart and the "buy now" button is used then the cart is cleared ,the buy now can be further added to a banking system. Attendance Tracking through GPS and Biometrics 01/2024 - 03/2024 Creating a Student attendance system with major 3 pages. The first page for registration of each student using their details -name ,unique numbers, semesters along with the biometrics. The second page being the LOGIN page, the student choosing their submitted names and providing credentials in the form of fingerprints taken input from the system biometrics database. The third page being the landing page if the student is within the class perimeter he will be marked as present otherwise being outside the class perimeter does not provide attendance. CERTIFICATES Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java by LearnQuest Automate Cybersecurity Tasks with Python by Google Sound the Alarm: Detection and Response by Google Assets, Threats, and Vulnerabilities by Google Cryptography and Information Theory by University of Colorado System Introduction to Software Engineering by IBM Getting Started with Enterprise-grade AI by IBM Database Foundations by Oracle Academy Red Hat System Administration 1(RH124) Red Hat System Administration 2(RH134) Design and Analysis of Algorithms by NPTEL EDUCATION Saint Josephs School, Bhagalpur, Bihar Class 10 Boards [ICSE] 2019 Pragya Girls School, Indore, Madhya Pradesh Class 12 Boards [CBSE] 2021 Manipal University Jaipur, Jaipur, Rajasthan B.Tech Computer Science and Engineering 2025 LANGUAGES English Hindi