Gani Nurbashshaik  Github | (cid:239) Linkedin | # Email | H +9347535930 Work Experience Front End Developer Jan 2021 - present I spearheaded the development of a Java-based hospital management system, where I meticulously de- signed the database schema for patient records and crafted intuitive user interfaces to enhance staff efficiency. Simultaneously, I led the full stack development of an e-commerce website, leveraging a suite of technologies including Java, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and SQL. These experiences have honed my skills as both a Software Developer and Full Stack Developer, equipping me with a comprehensive understanding of system design, database management, and collaborative development practices Projects Frontend webdevelopment Project Created a website using HTML, CSS and JS of T-Rex Game. Retina blood vessel segmentation Medical image segmentation plays a role, in computer aided diagnosis helping accurately analyze diseases like retinopathy. This research project focuses on using learning the TensorFlow implementation of a U Net architecture to segment blood vessels in retinal images. To improve the models ability to generalize and perform robustly we enhance the dataset through transformations. Drawing with Java This project should provide a good balance of UI development, event handling, and graphics programming in Java using JavaFX. Hospital Management Systemt Created a Hospital Management System using C++ which gives information on management of books in Hospital. E-Commerce Website Expertise in backend development using languages like PHP, Python, or Node.js Familiarity with database management systems (SQL and NoSQL) Knowledge of RESTful API design and integration Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th BIEAP at Sri Prathibha Junior College 2018-2019 Class 10th SSC AP at Bhashyam High School (CGPA: 7.46/10.0) (MARKS: 930/1000) (GPA:98/10.0) Skills Languages Database Coursework C, C++, Python, Java, HTML, CSS,JavaScript. SQL,MySQL. Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management,Competitive Programming, Object Oriented Programming System. Areas of interest Web development, Machine Learning and Software development. Last updated: May 3, 2024