MD Hamza Web developer To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learning knowledge & skills while making a signicant contribution in the success of the company. begusarai kolkata Kolkata, Newtown mdhamza5588@gmail.com 7349827670 Kolkata, India linkedin.com/in/md-hamza- 505084251 SKILLS Machine learning EDUCATION Matriculation SMTRS HIGH SCHOOL(65% marks) 05/2018 - Present, Higher Secondary CABS INTER COLLEGE(71% marks) 05/2018 - Present, B.Tech(Electrical Engineering) Aliah university kolkata(70% marks) 12/2020 - Present, Deep learning java WORK EXPERIENCE SQL Teamwork problem Solving Apex LANGUAGES Intern Kolkata/WBSEDCL 06/2023 - Present, West Bengal state electricity distribution company limited Optimized Underground Distribution Networks We get details knowledge about the income source and working structure of WBSEDCL, dierent types of substations, types of feeders, distributors, dierent types of connection schemes, busbars, and dierent types of protecting equipment like isolators, circuit breakers, relays, (CT and PT), isolating switches and for smooth operation of these protecting equipment a dc battery bank. ENGLISH Professional Working Prociency PERSONAL PROJECTS HINDI Full Professional Prociency URDU Full Professional Prociency BANGLA Limited Working Prociency INTERESTS CRICKET TRAVELING Reading book Enhancing Wind Power Eciency: A Comprehensive Forecasting Approach. (07/2023 - Present) Designed and implemented a robust wind power forecasting model by harnessing the power of ensemble learning and machine learning algorithms. Explored cutting-edge deep learning techniques , including ANN, LSTM, GRU , and hybrid models like CNN- LSTM , to achieve superior accuracy. Strategically positioned to oer valuable insights and tools for optimizing wind power production eciency, with the potential to drive sustainable energy practices. ATM INTERFACE (04/2022 - Present) Consolebased project ATM interface using basic Java concept of Object Oriented Programming. To install the basic transaction functions like withdrawal and deposit. and other functions like choosing what type of account you have current or saving. but all are shown in the console. CERTIFICATES Embracing 5G :Issues and challenges for wireless for communication system0 (06/2022 - Present)