MANYA JAIN +91 8802704052 - - mj.manya205@@gmail.com EDUCATION Manipal University B.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering Delhi Public School Class XII CBSE  2021 93.2 % INTERSHIPS Software Development Trainee VLCC Healthcare Jaipur, India June 2025 CGPA - 7.5/10 Gurgaon, India Aug 2022 - Sep 2022  Helped the IT team design and create an API to verify and keep a record of the clients details for the weight loss program and autofill details for further use.  Connected with various VLCC centres to help them download the CSV files to collect the clients data from each centre. Web Development Intern The Open University of Tanzania , Tanzania July 2023 - Sep 2023  Worked to develop an E-learning platform that provides Technical and pedagogical Support of E- Learning Material/Content. PROJECTS  AI Healthcare Chatbot, A Python-based chatbot , designed to provide tailored medical assistance based on user-reported symptoms. Utilizing a question-driven approach, the chatbot engages users in a structured dialogue, gathering relevant information to accurately assess symptoms and deliver detailed insights. Additionally, the chatbot offers personalized advice and recommendations based on the symptom analysis, aiming to provide valuable guidance to users seeking medical assistance.  Solving TSP using GNN - Research Based, Solved the Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) using Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) to explore innovative solutions to this well-known combinatorial optimization challenge. Traditional algorithms for solving the TSP face limitations, particularly when dealing with large instances where finding optimal solutions becomes computationally interactable.  Electricity Board Management System ,Developed an electricity board system project using RDBMS that would help maintain a database of the electricity bills and payment records for each user. This project aims at creating a system assist the electricity board Staff in maintaining dynamic records. CERTIFICATIONS  Python for Everybody by the University of Michigan by (Coursera)  Data Structures and Algorithms Using C and C++ (coursera) (University of California San Diego)  Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java (Coursera)  Programming Foundations with JavaScript, HTML and CSS - duke university (Coursera) TECHNICAL AND SOFT SKILLS C++,Python, Java, HTML,CSS, SQL, Data Structures Creative Thinking , Leadership , Teamwork , keen learner , Problem Solving , Communication Skills LEADERSHIPS AND INVOLVEMENT  Head, Outgoing Exchange, IAESTE India LC MUJ - Oct 2022 - Sep 2023  Skillfully managed internship applications, maintained student databases, and facilitated visa procedures while promptly addressing candidate queries and concerns. Additionally, led a team of 4 coordinators, guiding their professional development and ensuring seamless departmental operations.