AMAN GUPTA MARKETING Contact Profile Summary Ag4007193@gmail.com +91 8859442044 https://www.linkedin.com/in/amangup ta898/ Pursuing MBA in Marketing and operations at Galgotias University . My studies have given me a detailed understanding of marketing & operations management and their application through practical marketing skills. Looking to apply my skills towards applying efficient technology and management skills and drawing actionable insights for driving ROI at XYZ Businesses. Academic Details Work Experience o Bachelor of Science (B.sc) Computer science Dr. BhimRao Ambedkar University, Agra Sales Executive Trainee STANCO SOLUTIONS PVT LTD, AGRA June 2022  March 2023 o Master in Business administration(M.B.A) Marketing & operations Galgotias university, Noida Soft Skills Responsibilities: o Distributor Management: Regularly visiting town to meet with distributors. Establishing and maintaining strong relationships with distributors. o Order Acquisition: Asking orders from local stores and ensuring timely delivery, Tracking sales orders and ensuring accuracy in order fulfillment. o Product Feedback: Collecting and analyzing feedback from local stores regarding product performance. Reporting insights and suggestions for improvement to the relevant departments. Commnication | Multi-Tasking | Observation | Adaptability Achievements: o Achieved Sales Targets: Consistently met and exceeded monthly sales targets of Core Competencies Project Management Leadership Time management Problem solving skills Business management 50,000 to 100,000 in a single town. o Distributor Relationship Building: Developed and maintained strong relationships with distributors, ensuring smooth operations and effective collaboration. o Customer Trust Enhancement: Successfully increased customer trust and belief in our products through effective communication and reliable service. Internship at Aditya Birla Chemicals Designation- Sales and marketing, New Delhi Responsibilities: o Client Engagement: Initiated and maintained relationships with various Aditya Birla Group companies to introduce and promote Powerit chemical products. o Product Presentation: Conducted detailed presentations and demonstrations of cleaning and disinfectant solutions to potential clients within the group. o Training: Conducted training sessions for client staff on the proper use and Critical and Structured thinking benefits of Powerit products. Personal Details Date of Birth: 28-aug, 2002 Languages Known: English and Hindi Address: Agra, Uttar pradesh. o Needs Assessment: Conducted needs assessments and customized product offerings to meet the specific requirements of different offices and facilities within the Aditya Birla Group. Academic Projects    Analyze the organization behaviour in Maruti Suzuki pvt Ltd. Enviroment protection and sustainable practices in automotive industry. IMPACT OF INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (IFRS) ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  MONOPOLISTIC COMPETITION IN THE CLOTHING INDUSTRY (ZARA)