PRASHANT MISHRA India  prashant2309m@gmail.com  +916386899816 (cid:135)   EXPERIENCE CODESOFT - C++ Developer Intern August 2023 - September 2023  Collaborated with the software development team to design, develop, and optimize C++ applications.  Assist in the development of high-performance, scalable C++ code for various software products.  Debuged and resolved software defects and issues in a timely manner.  Gained hands-on experience in C++ development in a real-world, professional setting. The Group Three - Web Developer Intern September 2023 - October 2023  Collaborated with our team to troubleshoot and improve existing web applications.  Participating in code reviews and providing constructive feedback.  Learning and implementing best practices in web development. SKILLS Programming Languages: Java, C, Python, C++ ,HTML,JavaScript,CSS Frameworks & Databases: ReactJS,NodeJS,SQL, MySQL, SQLite,MongoDB,Bootstrap Tools: Git, Figma, VS Code Relevant Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, OOP, Operating Systems, Databases, Networking Certifications: Coding Ninjas CPP+DSA , Angela YU-Web Devlopment Bootcamp EDUCATION Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Technology B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering, CGPA: 8.46/10 Army Public School Intermediate PCM (CBSE), Percentage : 83.2% PROJECTS PORTFOLIO New Delhi, India August 2021 - 2025 Varanasi, India 2019  Heres my personal portfolio website. The site showcases my education, skills, and recent projects with a clean, responsive design. Features include detailed project descriptions, interactive elements, and smooth navigation. This project highlights my frontend development expertise, attention to detail, and commitment to creating an engaging user experience. LEGO Game  Developed an interactive LEGO game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The game allows users to change the LEGO characters facial expressions and outfit colors dynamically. Features include a user-friendly interface with smooth transitions, customizable options for various facial expressions, and a palette for selecting outfit colors. This project showcases creativity, frontend development skills, and attention to detail in user experience design. Memory Game  Developed a memory game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The game challenges players to match pairs of cards with a responsive design and engaging interface. Features include dynamic card flipping, match detection, and a scoring system. This project showcases my skills in frontend development, animation, and enhancing user engagement through interactive gameplay.design. Text-To-Speech Generator  Our project, "Text-To-Speech Generator" is a cutting-edge text-to-speech converter that transforms written content into natural, human-like speech. Utilizing advanced AI and deep learning algorithms, Text2Voice offers high-quality, customizable vocal outputs, enhancing accessibility and user experience for various applications, including education, entertainment, and assistive technologies Flappy Bird  Developed a frontend Flappy Bird game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The game features smooth animations, responsive controls, and dynamic obstacle generation. Players navigate the bird through pipes by tapping or clicking to keep it afloat. This project demonstrates my skills in game logic implementation, animation, and interactive design, providing an engaging and challenging user experience. AWARDS AND ACHIVEMENTS Coding Ninjas- Codekaze - In coding round got an All India Rank of 403 and also college Rank 1 Co-curricular: - In College Sports meet got gold in SHOTPUT, National Kickboxing Silver Medal,CBSE National Wushu Championship Silver Medal. Problem-Solving: - Have solved more than 300+ Data structures and Algorithms problems across multiple platforms