Aman Raza Phone : +91 7408670586| Email: razaaman57@gmail.com https://github.com/amanraza202 Education VIT Bhopal University BTech Major in Computer Science Cumulative GPA: 8.33 12th Standard Central Board of Secondary Education Percentage: 78.5 10th Standard Central Board of Secondary Education CGPA: 8.4 Projects EatsEase Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh Expected May 2024 Jul 2019 Jul 2017  Revolutionizing the traditional food ordering process, our platform epitomizes accessibility, efficiency, and enjoyment.  Centered around user convenience, we eradicate the necessity of physical visits or phone calls to restaurants.  Elevates the dining experience for customers to hassle-free heights, while enabling restaurants to broaden their market footprint and boost revenue.  Guarantees an unparalleled, smooth experience for both patrons and partner eateries.  Simplifies the process of enjoying meals from beloved restaurants without the need to step out of your comfort zone. May 2023  July 2023 EcoTrace  July 2022  July 2023 Innovated the conventional food ordering system with a user-centric platform, driving accessibility, operational efficiency, and customer satisfaction; boosted monthly revenue by 50% and increased customer retention by 30%.  The system boasts advanced capabilities like meticulous monitoring, comprehensive waste data collection, in-depth analysis, instantaneous insights, precise collection schedules, enhanced recycling rates, and sophisticated disposal techniques.  Empowers stakeholders with the ability to predict future waste patterns, pinpoint areas for enhancement, and refine collection pathways for peak efficiency.  Showcases the transformative power of technology in tackling environmental hurdles, championing the cause for a sustainable future. EXTRA-CURRICULARS  Engaged in Geek Week Local, a prestigious event curated by the Geeks for Geeks VIT Bhopal Student Chapter.  Focused on fostering a dynamic convergence of tech aficionados, scholars, and industry experts in an extensive week-long gathering.  Delivered profound understanding into cutting-edge technological advancements and breakthroughs. CODING  Attained a competitive LeetCode ranking within the top around270,000 globally.  Achieved a distinguished 3-star rating in Java on Hackerank.  Secured a commendable 2-star rating in MySQL on Hackerank TECHINICIAL SKILL  Skills: Java, C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP,MYSQL, MS-Excel  Databases: MySQL, MongoDB  Frameworks/Libraries: ReactJS, Bootstrap  Tools: Git/GitHub ADDITIONAL Languages: Fluent in Hindi, English. Certifications & Training: MERN Full stack Internship Program(May-July), Data Management and Visualization, Fundamental of Data Science.