Vaidehi Pingale Mail: vaidehii1117@gmail.com Gitlab: https://gitlab.com/vaidehi1117 Contact: 9699598095 O B J E C T I V E : Motivated engineering student seeking an internship to apply my technical skills and theoretical knowledge in a real-world setting. Eager to collaborate with a dynamic team and contribute to innovative projects. Committed to continuous learning and professional growth within a forward- thinking tech company E D U C A T I O N : 2021 - 2025 | Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Chembur Bachelor of Engineering in Computer S K I L L S : 2021 | High School Certificate (HSC) Maharashtra State Board of Higher Secondary Education Percentage : 92.60% 2019 | Secondary School Certificate (SSC) Maharashtra State Board Percentage : 95% Programming Languages: C, Java ,Python ,C++ Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP Web Frameworks: Node, Laravel, React Tools: Git, Microsoft Office, XAMPP, VS Code, Postman API, Codeblocks, PhpStorm Databases: MySQL, ORACLE SQL P R O J E C T S : Blogging Website | HTML, Bootstrap CSS, JavaScript, Laravel Created and built a blogging platform using the PHP Laravel framework, including functionalities like user authentication, post creation, and commenting. Applied the MVC architecture for well-structured and efficient development. Emphasized a user-centric design and smooth interaction. Stack Overflow Replica | HTML, Bootstrap CSS, JavaScript, Laravel Developed a replica of Stack Overflow using PHP Laravel. Adopted the MVC architecture for a structured code base and streamlined development process. E-Commerce Website in React | HTML, Flowbite (Tailwind) CSS, React Utilized Reducer and Context API to streamline state management and avoid prop drilling. Employed json-server for backend services and json-server-auth for authentication. Film Fiesta Website using React | HTML, Flowbite (Tailwind) CSS, React Movie and Web-Series suggestion website using React. Used TMDB-API to fetch data regarding the same. Hosted on Netlify: vp-film-fiesta.netlify.app Tasker using React | HTML, Flowbite (Tailwind) CSS, React Simple task tracker/management website using React. Used Redux to eliminate prop-drilling JavaScript Weather App | HTML, Flowbite(Tailwind) CSS, JavaScript Developed a weather application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to fetch and display up-to-date weather data. Integrated with a weather API to fetch precise weather information of the entire day for any location.