Ayush Anish Kumar Singh +919305830006 | ayushsv13@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/ayush-singh-r/ | github.com/asingh2002 | Portfolio EDUCATION LOKMANYA TILAK COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING Bachelors of Engineering - 9 CGPA Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) Mumbai, India May 2024 Honors - Data Science EXPERIENCE CSRBOX-IBM:- Data Science Intern link  Successfully developed an Air Quality Prediction project utilizing machine learning algorithms, complemented by a Django-based website integrated with interactive dashboards. Devtown:- Data Science Intern link  In this internship I have worked on about more than 15 projects. Learned about Python and its various libraries.Gained the knowledge of MySQL.  Learned about web scraping, machine learning, deep learning and many more technologies. Finally completed my major project on Machine Learning and minor project on Deep learning.  I have been rewarded as one of the best performers(Top 20). June 2023  July 2023 Dec 2022 - March 2023 Smartknower:- Data Science Intern link May 2022  June 2022  During the initial month of my internship, I focused on acquiring proficiency in Python. Subsequently, in the second month, I delved into the realms of Machine Learning and Deep Learning.  I successfully completed an individual minor project and contributed to a team of four in developing a major project utilizing Machine Learning techniques. Devtown:- Web Developer Intern link Dec 2021  April 2022  As a Web Developer Intern at DevTown, I gained experience in front-end development using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. I learned to create dynamic, responsive websites and applications and collaborated in an agile environment. PROJECTS Artwave-NFT Marketplace  Empowering artists to seamlessly create and sell their own NFTs in exchange for cryptocurrency on a professional marketplace platform. Stock Analysis Using Python  I developed a web application using Streamlit to analyze stock trends, leveraging the Simple Moving Average (SMA) method. This tool enables comprehensive analysis of stock market movements, providing insights into trends over specified time frames through interactive visualizations and data-driven interpretations. CERTIFICATIONS  SQL and Relational Databases 101 [link]  GitHub | Git [ link ]  Master Microsoft Power BI in 21 Days [ link ]  Hackerrank :- SQL [ link ] EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Zephyr | Cult Team Coordinator link  Managing the cultural program of the college fest. Uthopia | Event Coordinator link  Managing all the events and coordinating with the event heads for ensuring that the program is done without any interruption (Department Event). AIMSA | Co-Technical Head link  Organizing and Managing 90% technical events  Helping students in their assignments & various projects. Expense Tracker  Developed a project enabling users to track expenses and income, featuring graphical presentations for categorized financial analysis. Library Management System [Github]  TechStack used: Java, Xml, SQLite LANGUAGES  English  Hindi  Marathi INTERESTS  Fishing, Video games, Cricket, Traveling. SKILLS Python, C++, SQL, SQLite, MongoDB, MySQL, Git & Github, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Mathematics, Statistical Analysis, Data Visualization, Data Analysis, DBMS, Data Wrangling, Power BI.