AARUSHI MAHAJAN I ASPIRING SOFTWARE ENGINEER Ludhiana, Punjab 1 77777 66666 aarushi.mahajan0306@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/aarushi +91 6284036876 EDUCATION SUMMARY Professional University   Master of Computer Application, Honours in Data Science (M.C.A, Hons.) 2022-24 | 8.48 CGPA Lovely (L.P.U), Punjab Bachelor of Computer Application (B.C.A) 2019-2022 | 87.3% Khalsa College for women (Panjab University), Punjab Higher Secondary School 2019 | 84.4% Police D.A.V. Public School, Punjab  With a solid foundation in Computer Science and a passion for software development, I possess a strong understanding of programming languages, algorithms, and software engineering principles. To leverage my experience in software development, I am eager to learn, grow & contribute towards organizational goals for innovative solutions and drive the advancement of technology in a dynamic and collaborative environment. Ready to apply my skills and bring a fresh perspective to contribute to the success of a forward-thinking tea. I am trying to seek opportunity to utilize my strong technical skills, passion for problem-solving, and dedication to quality to deliver impactful software solutions. TECHNICAL PURVIEW Programming languages: C, C++, R, PHP, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Canva, .NET Data Analysis and Visualization: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn Machine Learning: Scikit-Learn and Tenserflow Data Management:MySQL, MongoDB, Hadoop Tools: Linux, MS Office(Excel) CERTIFICATIONS Python Certification | Google 2022. R Programming | Google 2023 C++ Certification | Ciper school | 2023 Introduction to A.I | IBM 2023  C++|Cipher School ACHIEVEMENTS     Bagged First position in Spectra2022 intercollege website making competition Bagged Third position in Debugging Error competition Secured Third position in debate competition Second Prize in Techno Puzzle PROJECTS TOUR AND TRAVEL WEBSITE Skillset: - HTML, CSS, AND PHP  Pioneered the development of a cutting-edge search platform, revolutionizing how tourists effortlessly explore and discover their ideal Destinations.  Crafted a user-friendly search interface, redefining the way tourists engage with the platform and enhancing their ability to select destinations based on unique preferences.  Developed a seamlessly responsive tour and travel website, empowering users to effortlessly identify and plan visits to their desired locations with an enhanced user experience. SIDE FACE RECOGANISATION Programming Languages: Python Libraries and Frameworks: OpenCV, TensorFlow, Keras, NumPy, Pandas Tools: Jupyter Notebooks, SQL, NoSQL Databases  In-depth knowledge of facial recognition technologies and machine learning techniques.  Proficiency in data preprocessing, augmentation, and deep learning model development.  Experience with real-time data capture and processing using OpenCV. . Strong problem-solving and analytical skills through continuous model evaluation and optimization. TIME CONVERTER ZONE Skillset: - Python  Developed a time zone converter in Python facilitating seamless time comparison across different time zones, providing users with a reliable tool for accurate global time assessments.  Implemented a feature allowing users to compare the time across multiple cities simultaneously, enhancing the versatility of the time zone converter.  Built a reliable and intuitive time zone converter in Python, enabling users to effortlessly convert between time zones with precision. This feature contributes to accurate time management for global applications. EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Organized College Alumni Meet  Active participant of various website making competitions