RAJNISH KUMAR RAI Mobile No: +91 7986023992, 8448428992 Email: Rajnishkumarrai8968@gmail.com Address: NIET, 19, Knowledge Park-II, Institutional Area, Greater Noida (UP) -201306 Professional Summary:  Self-motivated IoT enthusiast with hands-on experience in C Programming, Arduino, Embedded Systems, and more.  Winner of the Best Research Paper Award for the EmergIN conference on innovation.  Patent under process.  Completed a virtual internship at Bharat Intern, multiple website development based projects.  Seeking an internship position at your company to leverage my skills in designing and developing innovative IoT solutions while contributing to cutting-edge projects. Projects and Publications: 1. Full Stack E-Commerce Website Type: Mini Project Description: The Project was based on developing a fully functional Full-Stack E-Commerce Website using MERN Stack. The applica*on oers a seamless shopping experience, featuring a dynamic product catalog, user authen*ca*on, shopping cart management. Link: h9ps://github.com/DevelopEnvo/E-COMMERCE-FULL-STACK-WEBSITE- 2. Sustainable Smart Pot Retrofitting System (SSPRS) Type: Project and Research Paper Journal: EmergIN Journal, Vol. 7, No. 2, April Patent: Under Process Description:  Developed an IoT-enabled system to convert household pots into smart pots using Arduino and Raspberry Pi.  Programmed in C++ and Python for automated tweets of pot conditions (e.g., soil moisture, temperature). Integrated embedded systems and ARM microcontroller for data processing.   Awarded Best Research Paper for innovative design and implementation. 3. BACKEND YOUTUBE Type: Web Development Project Description: The project was based on developing a YouTube like platform . From user Authentication to video uploads and subscriptions, every aspect has been carefully crafted to ensure seamless performance. 4. MISCELLANEOUS PROJECTS Type: Frontend based projects Link: https://weather-js-1.netlify.app/ https://raj-photography-blog.netlify.app/ https://the-simon-game-with-js.netlify.app/ https://drum-stick- sounds.netlify.app/ Technical Skills: Programming  C++  Full-Stack Web Development  Research and Development  Internet Of Things(IoT) Professional Experience: 1 2 Intern at Internship Studio from 21st July 2022  25th August 2022 Intern at Bharat Intern from July 2023  September 2023 Work Experience: 1. Bharat Intern Role Duration : Virtual Internship : July 2023- Till date Projects : Have done the following few big projects in the organization.  Content Management Tool  Video Confrencing Tool Educational Qualification: B. Tech  Pursuing Graduation from NIET, Greater Noida in CSE (IoT). Intermediate  Passed out in 2021 with 69% High School  Passed out in 2019 with 75.6% Certifications:  The Arduino Platform and C Programming    The Raspberry Pi Platform and Python Programming for the Raspberry Pi Interfacing with the Raspberry Pi Introduction to Internet of Things and Embedded Systems