JOHINTH PATHI R S (cid:135) github.com/JohinthPathiRS   linkedin.com/johinthpathi  johinthpathi@gmail.com  6374269702 EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Chennai, Tamil Nadu SKILLS AND INTERESTS 2021-2025 CGPA: 8.3/10  Programming Languages: Python, Java  Software Skills: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Docker, Microsoft Azure, Linux  Web Development: Web Hosting, MySQL, Node.js, Angular, PostgreSQL, HTML, JavaScript EXPERIENCE Webits Web Solutions Frontend Developer May 17 - July 15, 2023 Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu  During this internship period, I immersed myself in the dynamic field of front-end web development with a primary focus on AngularJS applications with responsive User Interface and creative design to add more functionality to it.  Ensured the responsiveness of web interfaces across diverse devices and screen sizes, optimizing the user experience for a broad audience. It will ensure easy navigation through the pages of the website. PROJECTS WEBSHOP (Angular, Express.js, Stripe) Link Jan 10 - Jan 20, 2024  Employed Angular Material components to craft a user-friendly interface, enhancing navigation and interaction, achieving a 90% rating in usability.  Developed a robust online shopping platform using Angular for the front end and Express.js for the back end.  Leveraged APIs to seamlessly integrate available items from the store, ensuring a dynamic product catalog.  Integrated Stripe for secure and efficient payment processing, providing users with a seamless checkout experience. STOCK MARKET (Angular, Express.js, MySQL, Stripe) Link Feb 20 - Feb 28, 2024  The user interface (UI) of the application is designed for efficiency, achieving a 95% rating in usability according to user feedback, ensuring a seamless experience for managing investments and making financial decisions.  Manage your investments with a dynamic stock market web application built with Angular and Express.js, lever- aging MySQL for efficient data management.  This application connects to a MySQL database to track your portfolio, allowing you to buy and sell stocks.  Leverages email communication to provide users with clear and concise information regarding their activity. HOTEL MANAGEMENT (Angular, Express.js, MySQL )Link April 2 - April 19, 2024  Implemented a user-friendly interface for easy navigation and booking management with animations in UI, achiev- ing a 93% rating in usability.  Designed an efficient Hotel Management System prioritizing streamlined processes to ensure efficient management.  Developed features for home, booking available rooms, booking calendar using Angular, MySQL, and Express.js.  Ensured real-time updates and synchronization between the booking system and database which can be viewed. COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING  LEETCODE: Secured top 50.8% with current contest rating 1476 and solved 306 problems profile  CODECHEF: Secured a rating of 1270 on CodeChef .profile  CODEFORCES: Secured a rating of 831 on CodeForces.profile CERTIFICATIONS Udemy: Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp by Dr. Angela Yu . certificate Coursera: Data Visualization in Excel. certificate Coursera: Blockchain Specialization. certificate CCNA1:Certificate on Computer Networks. certificate