Samarth Tandon (cid:239) www.linkedin.com/in/samarth-tandon # tandon08samarth@gmail.com H 7505197480 Education KIET Group Of Institutions Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Little Scholars Academy 12th Standard, Central Board of Secondary Education Little Scholars Academy 10th Standard, Central Board of Secondary Education Internship YBI Foundation July 2025 June 2021 Percentage: 87 June 2019 Percentage: 91.6  Participated in an internship at YBI Foundation, focusing on learning and applying machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques.  Contributed to the Purchase Prediction And Micronumerosity project by implementing various machine learning algorithms to improve the accuracy of the prediction model. Summer Intern, IIPC  Explored C++ with a focus on Object-Oriented Programming and developed skills in Database Management Systems, demonstrating a well-rounded understanding of core programming concepts.  Engineered a small-scale project using C++, demonstrating hands-on programming proficiency and the ability to apply algorithmic principles in a practical setting Projects ConnectX | Front End Developer and UI/UX Designer www.kietconnectx.com  Contributed to the development of ConnectX , a live working portal catering to 2968 registered users. ConnectX serves as a comprehensive Placement Preparation platform for KIET Group Of Institutions.  Crafted front-end elements and interactions employing React.js, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with a keen emphasis on responsiveness and accessibility across diverse platforms.  Played a key role in improving front-end features by adding new functionalities and enhancing user experience. Assisted in debugging and troubleshooting issues to ensure smooth operation. StressOmeter | Front End Developer and UI/UX Designer  Spearheaded the development of a machine learning-based stress prediction model, enabling real-time analysis and forecasting of stress levels in a dynamic corporate setting; significantly improved mental health awareness and well-being, resulting reduction in stress-related absenteeism.  Developed responsive user interfaces and interactive features using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to create a seamless user experience across various devices. Skills  Programming Languages : C/C++, Python, Java, JavaScript  Web Development : HTML, CSS, React.js, Node.js  Profile : 2-star rating on Codechef and 5-star rating in CPP on HackerRank Certifications  Learning Full-Stack JavaScript Development: MongoDB, Node, and React  Data Analytics with Python  Programming Essentials in C++  Database Foundations Roles And Responsibilities  School Of AI, ML, and Data Science | Founding Member and Core Lead  ConnectX | Core Lead Linked-in Learning NPTEL CISCO Linked-in Learning