SHRUTI SINGH nehasingh4792@gmail.com | 9167595247 Education Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College 2021  Present - B.E in Computer Engineering Navjeevan Education Societys Polytechnic 2018-2021 - Diploma in Computer Engineering 94.69% Little Flower English Medium High School 2018 - X 80.60% Skills Language: Java, Python, C++, C, MySQL, HTML. Technologies: Latex, Adobe Illustrators, GitHub, Visual Studios, Django, Android Studio, AWS, Tableau. Internship Experience Minepro Minerals Pvt.Ltd Student Intern 2023 2024 Mumbai, India  Worked on a project titled Object Recolorization using Image Mapping, Developed a method to accurately re-colour grey-scale images using a coloured template.  Leveraging image similarity and SIFT for precise image-mapping. Implemented parallel processing to enhance performance in image re-colourization tasks. KOFAX AIML Intern 2022 2023 Mumbai, India  Worked on a project titled Chat Bot for customer support using RASA platform, Natural Language Processing (NLP) and Machine Learning (ML) algorithms.  Design, code, and build an application for customer support capable of handling complex conversations to enhance the customer experience. Moryaa Infusion Software solution Online internship in Python 16/05/2020  15/06/2020  Completed online internship focusing on Python, web scraping, and MySQL, showcasing expertise in data Mumbai, India extraction, manipulation, and database management. Personal Projects -ChatBot  As a part of the Third-year B.E project (Semester 5&6, team of four), we used RASA, NLU.  Design, code, and build an application for customer support capable of handling complex conversations to enhance the customer experience. -3D Forest Runner  A game using Unity, we used UNITY, C# Code, 3D Core, Asset Store, Prefabs.  Immerses players in a breathtaking 3D forest environment. The objective is to guide the character through this enchanting woodland while avoiding obstacles and challenges -Driver Drowsiness Detection System  As a part of the second-year B.E project (Semester 4, team of four), we used Python, OpenCV, keras, TensorFlow.  The model we used is built with Keras using Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). Enhances road safety by promptly detecting and alerting against driver drowsiness, reducing the risk of accidents. -Face Mask Detection System  As a part of the second-year B.E project (Semester 3, team of four). In this project, we have developed a deep learning model for face mask detection using Python, Keras, and OpenCV.  We developed the face mask detector model for detecting whether person is wearing a mask or not.  We trained the model using Keras with network architecture. -Mood Based Music Player  As a part of the final year diploma project (Semester 6, team of four), we used Dart, NodeJS , OpenCV to create an mood based music player application where user can play music with respect to their emotions. Overcome the time to search and select the song by user mood. Certificate Certificate for completion of python 3.4.3 training provided by the Spoken Tutorial Project, IIT BOMBAY. Certificate for completion of PHP and MySQL training provided by the Spoken Tutorial Project, IIT BOMBAY. Certificate for completion of Data Analytics with grade B under Atos Prayas Foundation. Certificate for completion of Python-Introduction to Data Science and Machine Learning provided by Udemy