SURAJ KUMAR WEB DEVELOPER C O N T A C T 9990372241 dr.sidharat@gmail.com H-33 Nangali vihar ext,New Delhi www.reallygreatsite.com E D U C A T I O N 2018 - 2020 SARVODAYA BAL VIDYALAYA CBSE Board With 73% Marks 2021 - 2024 INDIRA GANDHI NATIONAL OPEN UNIVERSITY Bachelor of Computer Applications S K I L L S Node Js Javascript HTML/CSS React Js Nest Js C/C++/C# Programing Java Programing MySQL Databases TypeScript MongoDB Database Git (version control system) P R O F I L E Results-driven software developer with expertise in JavaScript (Node.js, React.js) and a proven ability to write clean, well-designed code. Skilled in effectively communicating technology ideas and issues with peers and management. Seeking a challenging role to apply my skills in developing applications that meet business requirements while ensuring code quality and organization. Proficient in multitasking, working independently, and possessing strong written and verbal communication skills. W O R K E X P E R I E N C E Shop Your Trip Private Limited Junior Developer 2023 - PRESENT Collaborated with senior developers to design, develop, and deploy features for the travel booking platform. Integrated various APIs to enhance functionality and streamline data exchange processes, ensuring seamless communication between different software systems. Implemented backend functionalities using Nestjs and MySQL, ensuring data integrity and seamless user experiences. Assisted in optimizing website performance, reducing loading times by 20% through code optimization and caching strategies. Participated in code reviews, offering constructive feedback and ensuring coding standards were upheld. Actively engaged in troubleshooting and resolving technical issues, contributing to improved user satisfaction. NexGen Innovators web development internship 2022 - 2023 Contributed to UniHawk study abroad website development, designing several pages and implementing data fetching functionalities. Utilized Laravel for backend tasks and MySQL for database integration. Collaborated with team to deliver high-quality features. Additionally, worked on another project involving Node.js and Express for API development. Conducted research on emerging technologies. Worked with Git for version control. P R O J E C T S Shopyourtrip.com Unihawk.com Bigjack.fun C E R T I F I C A T I O N S Mindluster Simplilearn GreatLearning S T R E N G T H S Clean Code: Proficient in writing clean, well-structured code following industry best practices to enhance the readability, maintainability, and scalability of software projects. Logical Thinking: Demonstrated ability to build robust algorithms and logic structures, enabling the development of efficient and effective software solutions. Attention to Detail: Meticulous in code reviews and debugging processes, ensuring high-quality output and minimizing errors. Problem-Solving Skills: Skilled identifying and resolving complex technical challenges through systematic analysis and innovative problem- solving techniques. in Continuous Learning: Enthusiastic about staying updated with the latest technologies and methodologies in software development, fostering a growth mindset and adaptability to evolving industry trends