Kapil Singh Rathore MAIT, Rohini Sector 22, New Delhi, 110086 (cid:131) 6377545404 # kapilsinghrathore218@gmail.com LinkedIn  GitHub Education Saint Greek School, Rajasthan Class 10 Maharana Pratap senior Sec. School, Rajasthan Class 12 Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology, New Delhi B.Tech (IT) Experience SDE Intern Agprop - Real estate builders and construction company 2017 84.5% 2019 93.6% 2021  2025 8.89 CGPA Dec. 2022  May 2024 Delhi  Developed frontend components using Vue.js to enhance user interface interactivity and responsiveness.  Implemented backend functionality with Node.js, Express, and MongoDB to manage data storage and retrieval.  Collaborated closely with developers to contribute to new code development.  Analyzed user requirements to ensure alignment with project goals and timelines. Relevant Coursework  Data Structures  Algorithms Achievements  DBMS  Computer Networks  System Design  Operating Systems  Blockchain  Hack With MAIT 4.0. Winner (Blockchain Track)  Physics and Astronomy Club MAIT June 2022  Present Projects uHOST Website frontend | HTML, CSS , JS  A hosting service for photographers to store high quality photos and provide Quick Access to them.  Subscription model is added in this website design. Viewtube backend application | NODE, EXPRESS, MONGODB  A hosting service for photographers to store high quality photos and provide Quick Access to them.  Subscription model is added in this website design. React Blog Website | Css, JS, React Js,  Designed a blog website to create, read and delete blogs using react as a framework .  Implemented react hooks, react routes and other react functionality . Natours REST API | Express.js, MongoDB, postman, nodemailer Aug 2023 jan 2023 jan 2023 Dec 2022  Developed a MERN stack REST API for a tour company website providing routes to perform CRUD operation on various resources like Users, Tours, reviews.  Used MongoDB Atlas as cloud database and mongoDB compass to review and analyse the database.  Implemented JWT token based authentication and session management SecureVault - decentralized file-sharing system |Tezos(blockchain), smartpy, react JS, IPFS(pinata) Dec 2023  Developed a file system on pinata IPFS storage technology and decentralized using blockchain.  Used Tezos blockchain to conduct transactions and smartpy language for contracts Technical Skills Languages: C++, Java, C, HTML/CSS, JS, MySQL, MongoDB Developer Tools: VS Code, Eclipse, Google Cloud Platform, Firbase, MongoDB Atlas Technologies/Frameworks: Linux, MERN stack, VueJS, Git, GitHub, WordPress, Canva