Umang Jain 44A Kharas Bldg, N.M. Joshi Marg, Near B.M.C Office G south ward,Lower Parel, Mumbai-13, India | Email: umangjain896@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub Objective Energetic and dedicated B.Tech. student with a passion for Managing events and showcasing my lead- ership qualities. Seeking opportunities to apply my skills and contribute to the college. Education B.Tech. in Your Major Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai,India Expected Graduation: 2025 HSC Guru Nanak Khalsa College of Arts, Science & Commerce, Matunga, Mumbai, India Passing Year: 2021 Score: 90% SSC Holy Cross High School, Lower Parel, Mumbai, India Passing Year: 2019 Score: 75% Projects  Hotel Sustainability and Resource Conservation Management System:I handled the back- end part in this project along with documentation and Ppts.This project was made using Java Programming Language.  Hotel Sustainability and Resource Conservation Management System:I explored to many features as this project was made using Python, I handled the frontend and made interfaces.  Music Streaming Website :The whole project is developed using ReactJs and NodeJs for frontend and backend respectively, and for styling CSS has been used. Internships  Oasis Infobyte  Bharat Intern I have successfully completed my 2 internships, a month each in web development and design Working Experience Student Council Off Stage Coordinator In my current role, I am dedicated to giving my best and striving to maximize the potential of the position. Information Technology Department Council Public Relations Secretary The IT Council was significant as it allowed me to engage in professional communication and manage large crowds effectively. Entrepreneur and Innovation Cell, SAKEC Administration manager E-Cell was where I had the opportunity to gain knowledge in management and crowd handling. ACM (Association for Computing Machinery) Organizational Head The ACM student chapter provided me with the chance to explore the technical aspects of my life. NSS (National Service Scheme) Photography Head NSS gives me a platform to give back to society and assist those less fortunate. Research Cell Public Relation Coordinator I have developed the skill of associating with companies and professional communication. Projects Coordinator I have been actively involved in managing two web projects for Alphine Company, alongside working on a Google Analytics project. Additionally, I am responsible for overseeing the official website of Research Cell at SAKEC. Leo Club of Chembur Icon Event Organizer I hosted the District meeting, which provided me with the opportunity to expand my network and col- laborate with new individuals and their teams. Skills  Python  Javascript  HTML  DBMS  MongoDB Other Skills  Leadership: Effective communication, team coordination, Event Management.  Photography: Proficient in event photography.  Team building: Analysing a persons skills and traits then assigning the work based on the capa- bilities. Interests Passionate about technology, coding, photography and community service.