PUSHPA N A E-mail:Pushpagowda580@gmail.com Mob: +91 9060703819 Objective To be potential resource to the organization where I can utilize all my skills and knowledge which would help the organization to grow and further enhance my growth profile. It would be my never ending dedication to maintain in the spectrum of integrity, honesty and character. Educational Qualification Course B A Sri Venkateshwara First Grade Collage  Huliyurdurga College/School Name of examination board &Year of Passing PUC Govt.PUC College -Chowdanakuppe S.S.L.C Dr.B.R. Ambedkar High School- Chowdanakuppe Professional Summary Tumkur University 2016 Higher secondary board 2014 Karnataka Secondary Examination Education Board 2012 PRATAP TECHNOCRATS PVT LTD. (July 12th 2017 to April 10th 2021) Designation: -HR-Admin. Managed Projects: RJIO, ATC, TVI & RAILTEL...ETC G R ENTERPRISE (April 12th 2021 to till date) Designation: - Sr. H R Executive Responsibilities   Recruitment Tasks, Selection  Placing job advertisements, Job postings, searching the CVs in job portals, social Medias, scrutinizing & filtering the CVs  Conducting preliminary round of interviews, Short listing, and selection of Candidates.  Salary Negotiations, fixation of designation and salary.  Handling Induction, explaining job duties, employee benefits.  Reference check as well as background verification of all the employees.  Conducting joining formalities of the new recruits and also co-ordination for trainings like Induction and Orientation  Explaining new joiners about organization in terms of Mission, Vision, Objective & its business  Responsible for new joiners documentation,  Maintaining database in excel, preparing and issuing the offer, appointment letters, arranging systems, workstations, and necessary infrastructure.  Creating email ID, issuing visiting cards and ID cards for new joiners.  Maintaining personal files of the employees,  Sending welcome mail about new joiners throughout the organization.  To ensure that proper attendance and leave record to be maintained.  Handling employee exit formalities  Leave management, maintaining the leave record and attendance marking with help of attendance software.  Maintaining Bank Account Creation in New Employees  Maintaining Monthly Attendance and leave updates, send mail to employees (if leaves any)  Maintaining Monthly Salary, Wages and Salary Slip, and sent to mail all Employees Maintaining EPF forms filed in:- 19&10C (10D form 13), EPF Form 5 & 10, EPF Form 2,EPF Form 11,  Maintaining UNA EPF and KYC updated in new Employees  Maintaining ESI Forms :- ESI Form 01A , Accident Book Employee State Insurance Corporation  Explaining the code of conduct, the company procedures & policies  Prepare the monthly payroll data in HRMS and process the final pay-out based on the attendance.  Preparing and maintaining of Monthly HRMIS i.e. Additions, Resignations, Transfer, Promotion, Increment etc.  Maintaining. Payment of Gratuity File all Employees  Maintaining HR Policy and Compliances   Monthly Meeting arrange to Origination and Weekly all manager take responsibilities  Maintaining the entire HR related database.  Employees Expenses like Travelling, Telephone, etc on monthly basis to be booked in the system  Identifying Training needs, Preparing training schedules ,Conduct training, maintaining training records,   Maintaining Skill Matrix and Supporting documents  Prepare and Maintaining Audit documents,  Maintaining Vendor Management.  Knowledge Of Computer  MS Office  Software (Biometric)  HRMS (Human Resource Management System)  ERP SYSTEM (Enterprise Resource Planning)  Ability to work in team setting and independently;  Ability to maintain professional and positive attitude  Excellent problem solving ability  Flexible in work  A good motivator  Listening Music, Dance, Yoga Date of Birth : 31-July-1996 Marital status : Married Permanent Address : C/O Ashok B G # 56/4 Sri Lakshmi Nilaya,2nd floor,1st A main road, Magadi road, Kottigepalya Bangalore560091 Nationality : Indian Languages known : Kannada, English and Hindi DECLARATION I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. Yours Faithfully ( Pushpa N A )