Uma Patel Prayaraj, Uttar Pradesh 212402 # pateluma786@gmail.com # 7268057954 (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/umapatel786/  github.com/Umapatel06 Education Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology Allahabad Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Nov. 2020  June 2024 7.49 CPI Relevant Coursework  Data Structures  Software Development  Algorithms Analysis  Database Management  Operating System  Computer Network  Object Oriented Programming Experience NetCamp Software Engineer Intern May 2022  August 2022 Remote  Coordinated with a dynamic team of software engineers to develop scalable software solutions. Collaborated in an inclusive team environment to identify continuous integration and process improvement opportunities.  Created scalable code for customer business solutions. Identified bugs and product defects, and coordinated with team members to resolve technical issues.  Explored ways to visualize and send a daily report of test results to team members using HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.  All repositories during this internship can be found at Drive link Contact: +91 9331090003, Santu Purkait (Director of Netcamp Solutions Private Limited) Projects Online Food Delivery | Express. js, Node.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, Thender Client | Project Link  Developed an online food delivery application to meet the growing demand for convenient food ordering and delivery in March 2023 urban areas.  Implemented secure login and signup processes for personalized user experiences.  Created an intuitive interface for users to browse menus and place orders efficiently.  Implemented a real-time tracking system to monitor order status from preparation to delivery.  Utilized technologies such as React.js for the frontend, Node.js and Express.js for the backend, and MongoDB for data storage with Mongoose for schema-based modeling.  Oversaw database schema design, data modeling, and backend integration with MongoDB for efficient data management and retrieval.  Overcame challenges in adapting MongoDBs structure using Mongoose, ensuring seamless integration between frontend and backend, and optimizing database performance. Dating Website | HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Django | Project Link  Enable users to create personalized profiles, leveraging preferences and location data to find their ideal match January 2021 algorithmically.  Engage in lively conversations with a feature-rich chat section, allowing users to convey emotions through emojis, stickers, gifs, and more.  Elevate connections with built-in audio/video call features, facilitating real-time communication and enhancing the depth of user interactions. Technical Skills Languages: Java, Python, Pytorch, spark, Hadoop, Java, C, C++, JavaScript/TypeScript, SQL Developer Tools: MPLS, IntelliJ IDEA, VS Code, Tableau, Eclipse, GoLang, Power BI Technologies/Frameworks: ZMQ, SNMP, gNMI, Netconf, Express.js, Linux, Jenkins, GitHub, PHP, ASP.NET, BootStarp, OpenCV Leadership / Achievements Leadership Roles Cordinator 2020  Present Cding Club and Yoga Club  Qualify for the final round of the prestigious Coding Contest at Code Gladiators  Recognized at Hacktoberfest 2023 for contributions to multiple open-source projects, earning badges and prizes.  Finalist, Coding Contest at Code Gladiators, 2023.  Ranked 115 in GATE 2024, showcasing strong academic aptitude and knowledge in the field of Computer Science. Co-Curricular Acitivities  Learning Languages, Art and Sketching, Playing Batminton