Aniket Sontakke (cid:131) +91-8591741376  # aniketsontakke53@gmail.com  (cid:239) AniketSontakke   Aniket-S8 Work Experience Siemens Healthineers AG Software Developer Intern Jun 2024  Jul 2024  Project- Prototype modeling for a new web based application called Data Controller using ReactJS and TailwindCSS. This application will help in better data management and data mapping on HQ as well as Country level.  MCMn Statistics: Java code to parse Pricebook XML file to calculate the length of S-text, B-text and E-text. Calculating the average of all three and creating an output csv file. Education Manipal University, Jaipur B.Tech. Information technology  CGPA: 8.69/10.0 Smt. Sulochanadevi Singhania School ICSE Class XII  Percentage: 87.0% DAV Public School CBSE Class X  Percentage: 92.4% Skills Languages Java, JavaScript, C, SQL Sep 2021  Jun 2025 Rajasthan, India 2021 Thane, India 2019 Thane, India Skills Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented Programming, Web Development Databases MySQL, MongoDB Tools Node.js, git Frameworks ReactJS, TailwindCSS Projects Flex-Zone  The Flex Zone project is a workout creation app designed to help users plan and manage their exercise routines. The app allows users to create personalized workout plans, making it easier to stay consistent with their fitness goals. The project predominantly uses the JavaScript library Rract JS and features components typical of modern web applications  Project Link: https://flex-zone.netlify.app EchoRelay  A application designed to transcribe and translate recorded audio or audio files. It aims to convert spoken language into written text and then translate that text into another language.  Uses web workers to run ML models in the browser.  Project Link: https://echo-relay.netlify.app/ Certifications Design and Analysis of Algorithms  NPTEL  The course offers a comprehensive overview of essential algorithmic concepts and techniques. It covers the analysis of algorithms using asymptotic complexity and Big O notation, fundamental sorting and searching methods, and key graph algorithms like BFS, DFS, Dijkstras, and Prims. Additionally, it explores advanced design strategies such as divide and conquer, dynamic programming, and greedy algorithms, along with important data structures like heaps and search trees. Structured Query Language (SQL)  Coursera  teaches how to efficiently manage and manipulate databases using SQL. It covers essential SQL concepts, including querying data, filtering and sorting results, and using functions and joins to combine information from multiple tables. The course also addresses database design and optimization techniques, helping learners build and maintain robust databases. CCNA: Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation  CISCO  Covers foundational networking concepts, including network design, security measures, and automation techniques. It teaches essential skills for managing and securing enterprise networks, configuring routers and switches, and implementing network automation to enhance efficiency and performance. Extra Curriculars Debate  Participated in MUN( Model United Nations) held at my school Sports  Represented University Volleyball Team as Vice Captain in multiple tournaments