Samarjit Singh samar33550336@gmail.com  Linkedin  Jammu,India WORK EXPERIENCE Qworld June 2024 - Present Intern Remote  Working as an Intern under a professor from Jagiellonian University, Poland on 2WQC or two way Quantum Computing.  My work aims at implementing algorithms like bb84 (QKD) for Quantum computing that works in accordance to the CPT symmetry. Qworld June 2023 - Nov.2023 Intern Remote  Worked as an Intern under a professor of Imperial College London  The project involves using Quantum Computation to represent gene expression. It also aims at simulating Hand-Eye-Brain coordination using Quantum circuits.  Qworld Intern Jul. 2022  Feb. 2023 Remote  Worked on the project titled References to Quantum technologies in Cultural artefacts.  The project was hosted by Institute of technology analysis and system analysis and was conducted by Qworld.  The project focused on thematically, qualitatively analysing Quantum tech in media like Flicks, Television, Books, games etc.  The major part of my report involved critiquing the portrayal of Quantum tech in these media and pointing out the shortcomings in portraying Quantum information and concepts from the same domain.  The themes didnt just involve scientific themes, philosophical and literary themes were portrayed as well. Qworld Jul. 2021  Sept. 2021 Intern Remote  Worked on a project titled Quantum Foundations for a short time. EDUCATION Madras Christian College, University of Madras August 2022 - Present Institution Chennai, IN  Bachelor of Science in Physics  Working on a research paper on Material science with my department professor, the research paper focuses on Crystal growth. Internship Coordinator, Institutions Innovation Council   3rd place holder, Innovators award Jodhamal Public School April 2018  2022 High School Jammu, IN Independently represented my school in a Hackathon conducted by Indian institute of technology. Member of the School quiz team. IBM 2024 IBM Quantum Challenge 2024 Certification  I was awarded the certificate of excellence for completing the IBM Quantum Challenge 2024 IBM 2022 Certification   I was awarded the certificate of excellence for completing the summer-school course on Quantum Simulations. I achieved a score of 99% on a Coding school/IBM six months long course on Quantum computation and information. IBM 2023 Spring Challenge certification  I was awarded a badge for completing the IBM spring challenge on Quantum Dynamic Circuits. Qworld 2021 Certification I was awarded the certificate of completion for the summer-school course on Quantum information. SKILLS & INTERESTS Skills :  Programming  Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, tkinter), Qiskit, SQL, Linux, Git, Cirq(Basic), Pennylane, Java.  Communication  English, Hindi/Urdu, Dogri, Korean(elementary), German(intermediate).  Can operate scientific tools like telescopes, Quantum computer simulators, microscopes. Interests : Astrophotography;Cryptography and QKD; Complexity theory; Philosophy of Mathematics and Mind; Literature; Bibliophilia; Numismatics; Cinephilia PROJECTS Finding loopholes in BB84  The project focused on finding loopholes in one of the best QKD communication protocols.  Our strategies involved approaches like LVH models and production of 2 photons. Quantum Blackjack  A quantum version of the classic game.  The project involved over 10 qubits and used the IBMs quantum computer in the making  The project was developed by a team of 4 students for Qchack 22. Galaxy Zoo  A community project  The project focused on classifying pictures of galaxies and ultimately creating a catalogue of selected galaxies in the local universe. ACTIVITIES  Helped in the foundation of a quantum information online community/club with over 800 members.  Helped the community successfully partnering with a company working on open-source quantum computing.