Handled Export operations like Collection, FBFP, and Direct dispatch. *Rate booking of import and export transactions. MONIKA MARTHA Phone: 8249319919 Email: monika.martha15@gmail.com Address: Plot No 92,Lane R1 ,Jagmohan Nagar ,Khandagiri, Bhubaneswar- 751030 Odisha CORE COMPETENCIES Trade Finance Operations Forex Operations Process Enhancement Compliance Auditing BANKING SOFTWARES WORKED IN FINACLE INTELLECT OUTLOOK WORD EXCEL LANGUAGES KNOWN English Hindi Oriya PERSONAL SNNIPET Date of Birth: 15th December 1996 Fathers Name: Mr. Maheswar Martha Ultimate aim is to serve the organization with full dedication and devotion with my skills & potentials for advancement of organization and contribute to the efficiency & profitability of the organization ensuring personal & professional growth simultaneously. I am seeking a challenging job that would synergize my skills and knowledge with the objectives of the organization. Being a dedicated and focused individual, I am determined to add value to the organization I work for, through my exceptional knowledge and learning ability. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Axis Bank Limited (Assistant Manager, Bengaluru) November 2019 -May 2024 *Conducted internal audits related to processed cases of trade products and identified areas of improvement within the time budgets and deadlines. *Prepared audit reports and communicated results to various stakeholders and management. *Assessed compliance with internal and external guidelines for the trade products. *Performed KYC Due Diligence on customer transaction. *Managed retails inward & outward remittances, forex cards etc. *Handled imports transactions. *Handled of retail transactions under LRS scheme like forex card & outward & inward remittance. *Maintained day to day payment received in Nostro A/c. *Prepared swift like (MT 103, MT202, MT 799-LC MESSAGE, MT 756,MT 199 ETC.) *Issuance of BG, closer, Amendment etc. *Clearance of compliance related to EDPMS cautioned list shipping bill and IDPMS bill of entry. *Handle calls with branch staff and direct dealing with customers. *Issuance of LG, closer, Amendment etc Kotak securities (Management Trainee, Bhubaneswar) May 2019 -October 2019 *Analyzing clients' need and market frame & identify the linkages, maintaining vital link between the enterprise and customer, acquisition of potential clients Mothers Name:Mrs. Mamata Mayee Martha Husbands Name : Abhisek Biswal Permanent Address: Plot No 92,Lane R1 ,Jagmohan Nagar ,Khandagiri, Bhubaneswar-751030 Odisha EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS Siksha O Anusandhan University (2017-2019) Master Of Business Administration (Finance And Marketing) with 8.65 CGPA Utkal University (2014-2017) Bachelor Of Business Administration with 62 percentage D.A.V Public School (2012- 2014) Higher School Secondary Certificate (Commerce) with 72 percent. D.A.V Public School Secondary School Certificate with 7.8 CGPA INTERNSHIPS *SBI - Marketing As an intern I learnt about client procurement for both cross and up selling. Likewise, I figured out how to interface with customers and perceive what are their expectation regarding the bank products. *UCO BANK - Marketing As an intern I figured out how to gather, explore and analyze data. Also as marketing department is known as the face of the firm, I learnt how to interface with clients and in addition to recognize what are their perquisites. *OPGC Odisha Power Generation Corporation Limited - Human Resource As an intern I learned an alternate side of HR, which is simple to enroll individuals yet hard to hold them in the firm. I discovered that HR isnt what composed in books. Its understanding the employees, working with them and motivating them. CERTIFICATION Completed "Certificate Course In Foreign Exchange" Completed " Adwords Video Certificate" Completed " Adwords Search Certificate" Continuing Sap Fico  Continuing "SWIFT Certification Continuing " Financial statement Analyses  Continuing "Income Tax 