Jashwanth | Kunapareddy Jashwanth jashwanthjashu4444@gmail.com | Jashwanth | +91 8309457405 SUMMARY This is Jashwanth Kunapareddy, a Btech graduate at SRM University AP, specializing in Computer Sci- ence Engineering with a focus on Big Data. Proficient in Python, MySQL, and C, with solid understanding of data structures and database management systems. Possesses hands-on experience in various projects. Eager to leverage skills and knowledge to meet organizational needs.click here. WORK EXPERIENCE Salesforce Developer  Process Automation Specialist  This Salesforce Summer Internship driven me to get knowledge and to meet subject experts where Im endowed Apr 2024 - Jun 2024 with experience and work knowledge. Intern at Oasis Infobyte  During my internship at Oasis Infobyte from February to March, I have contributed to an Weather website project, forecasting trends and patterns in climate and predicting the condition of the climate.  Lastly, I played a key role in a project, enhancing the understanding of factors influencing wine qual- ity.My work contributed to the successful completion of these projects, providing valuable hands-on experience in data analysis and machine learning. Feb 2024 - Mar 2024 PROJECTS  Real time Language Translation Application  Developed a scalable back-end architecture with Python, Django, and translation APIs; enabled accurate, real-time multilingual translations, resulting in a 35% increase in international user retention.  GitHub Link: Real time Language Translation Application  House Price Prediction Project  Contributed to an in-house price prediction project, analyzing market trends.Applied data analysis and forecasting techniques to predict price trends.  GitHub Link: House Price Prediction Project  Identification of Parkinsons Disease Project Utilizing machine learning models, aim to identify Parkinsons Disease by analyzing data gathered from a diverse set of individuals.  GitHub Link: Parkinsons Disease Prediction  Payroll Management System The payroll management system, a console app with OOP and manages employee records. Users create, modify, delete records and can generate payslips.  GitHub Link: Payroll Management EDUCATION 2021- 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University-AP 2021 2019 Class 12th Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education Class 10th The Board of Secondary Education Of Andhra Pradesh (GPA: 7.6/10.0) (91%) (GPA:9.8/10.0) SKILLS Technical Skills  C  C++  Java  Python  MySQL Soft Skills  Communication  Time Management  Problem Solving  Responsibility LANGUAGES KNOWN  Telugu  English  Hindi CERTIFICATIONS (Proficient) (Intermediate) (Intermediate)  Achieved a certificate in Java from Hackerrank.  Achieved a certificate in Problem Solving(Intermediate) from Hackerrank.  Achieved a certificate in SQL(Intermediate) from Hackerrank.  Achieved a certificate from Servicenow on successful completion of servicenow course.  Achieved a certificate as Postman API Fundamentals Student Expert. Last updated: July 31, 2024