JOSEPH IMMANUEL K No.10 subramaiya nagar Aladu road , Ponneri  601204 Tamil Nadu . Email id: josephimmanuel1923@gmail.com Contact No: 9384732711 Objective Dedicated and ambitious professional seeking a challenging career position within an organization that provides ample opportunities for growth and development. Eager to apply my skills and knowledge to contribute to the organization's success while continuously learning and enhancing my expertise. Committed to achieving both personal and organizational goals through hard work, creativity, and a proactive approach. Academic Chronicle Degree Name of the Institution Board M.Sc Data Science Madras Christian College (pursuing degree) B.Sc Mathematics Madras Christian College H.S.C Eden Matriculation Higher secondary School, Ponneri S.S.L.C Eden Matriculation Higher secondary School, Ponneri University of Madras, Chennai University of Madras, Chennai State board of Education, TamilNadu. State board of Education, TamilNadu Year of passing 2025 Percentage 8.4 CGPA 2023 7.5 CGPA 2018 93.2% 2020 76% Core Strength o Leadership Capability o Ability to work collaboratively within a team environment o Good verbal and written communication skills o Self-Confident, highly energetic and enthusiastic o Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and methodologies o Positive approach and can able to grasp quickly  Skill Sets :    Frontend technologies like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap , Java script. Backend technologies like PHP, My SQL Programming Languages: (Basic Knowledge)of Python ,R programming, C ,C++ Analytics tools like Microsoft Power BI.  MySQL (Basic query writing and database operations)   Used Python and R programming for Data Analysis , ML and Deep learning concepts  Basic knowledge in IOT. Work experience :  Internship | Data Analyst Duration Sep 2023  Jan 2024 Description: Developed a interative dashboard using Power Bi to visualize the data Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify, analyze, and resolve complex problems, resulting in improved operational efficiency. Systematically organized and managed data, including files, spreadsheets, and reports. Utilized analytical skills to develop actionable insights.  Internship | Web Developer Duration may 2024  Jun 2024 Description: Developed a website using visual studio code for a Drone manufacturing company Collaborated with a team to implement a website that significantly advanced the company's drone testing documentation process. This digital solution enhanced efficiency, accuracy, and user satisfaction, while establishing a foundation for future growth and innovation in testing procedures. Personal Details Date of Birth : 19.01.2003 Languages known : Tamil, English, Telugu I hereby declare that the information furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge Date: 26.12.2022 Signature : Joseph Immanuel k