JEEVAN H P Senior Systems Engineer  DevOps Engineer Mob: (+91) 9108963695 | E-mail: jeevanclk712000@gmail.com | LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jeevanhp DOB: 07-01-2000 | Address: Heggere, Sanikere, Chitradurga -577522 | Languages: English, Kannada, Telugu, Hindi PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY An Engineer with 2.7 years of working experience in the information technology and services industry. Possesses a firm understanding and practical expertise with DevOps tools technologies. Critical thinking DevOps Engineer with extensive understanding of high availability architecture and concepts. Purpose-driven professional with capacity to be strong team player plus work effectively. TECHNICAL SKILLS Linux   Git and GitHub Prometheus and Grafana Address: Heggere, Sanikere, Chitradurga - 577522   Docker and Docker Swarm  Ansible and Kubernetes  Bash Shell Scripting   AWS IAM, EC2, VPC, SNS and SQS  AWS DNS Route 53, EBS, AWS RDS  AWS ELB (ALB and NLB) Jenkins - CI/CD Automation  Auto Scaling and S3 Bucket  Tools  JIRA, Eclipse, Maven, WinSCP, Oracle SQL Developer, Tomcat, WebSphere App Server WORK EXPERIENCE Senior Systems Engineer | Infosys Limited | 09/2021 to 04/2024  Project: Telecommunication Application  Network and Broadband  Handled version control systems like Git and GitHub as Source Code Management tool for seamless collaboration among developers  and engineers during project lifecycles. Improved code deployment efficiency by automating processes with CI/CD pipelines. Automated 10+ tasks, increasing team efficiency by 20%. Improved deployment processes, reducing deployment time by 30%.  Designed and implemented containerization strategies using Docker and improving resource utilization and management.  Worked on Incident management, Change Management and root cause analysis to address the customer requirements and application maintenance. Streamlined monitoring and alerting systems, cutting incident response time by 40%.  Standardized configuration management practices using Ansible for better visibility into infrastructure changes.  Supported Development, Integration, and User Acceptance Testing related activities.  Used JIRA, confluence pages to keep track of the ongoing issues and bug tracking activities.  Well versed with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), DevOps and Agile Methodologies.  Reduced system downtime by 15%, enhancing overall service reliability. CORE COMPETENCIES    Infrastructure Management, Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment, Version Control and Collaboration Scripting and Automation, AWS Cloud and DevOps, Containerization and Orchestration, Configuration Management Task Prioritization, Database Management, Monitoring and Logging, Maintenance and Troubleshooting, Testing & debugging. EDUCATION Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science | Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum | 2017 to 2021 | CGPA: 7.54/10 Pre-University in Biology | Vidyavahini College, Tumkur | 2015 to 2017 | Percentage: 75/100 HIGHLIGHTS AND PERSONALITY TRAITS  Highlights: Software Development Life Cycle, Operating Systems, Web Development, Java OOPS, HTML and CSS   Personality Traits: DevOps Enthusiast, Interpersonal, Relationship Builder, Problem Solver and have an energetic work attitude Certifications: Infosys Certified MySQL Associate | Complete Overview of Agile & DevOps Application Lifecycle Management using JIRA | Infosys Global Agile Certification