08628898048 | annanyas0142@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/soodannanya9 | github.com/Coder-anna Annanya Sood Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in CSE, specializing in IoT and Intelligent Systems Jaipur, Rajasthan Oct. 2021  Aug. 2025 Professional Certification Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur Professional Certificate Program in Blockchain Projects Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh Oct. 2023  Mar. 2024 Blockchain-Based Cheque Verification and Clearance System Jan. 2024  May 2024  Developed a blockchain-based Proof-of-Concept for instantaneous settlements and unprecedented security.  Leverage the power of Solidity smart contracts, PHP, and Flask for a robust and efficient back-end.  Implemented digital signatures, hashes, and certificate authorities for a multi-layered defense against unauthorized access and fraud. Deep Audio Classifier Jan. 2024  Apr. 2024  Developed a Deep Learning model to count Capuchin bird calls within an audio clip, the project is inspired by, Z by HP Unlocked Challenge 3: Signal Processing.  Utilized a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for audio classification.  Converted audio waveforms into spectrograms to leverage the power of CNNs for image-like analysis.  Trained the CNN model on TensorFlow to differentiate between Capuchin bird calls and other sounds.  Implemented a sliding window technique to segment the provided 3-minute audio clip for efficient classification and counting of Capuchin bird calls. IoT-enabled Decentralized E-Waste Tracking System Aug. 2023  Nov. 2023  Auditable e-waste tracking system, enabling real-time monitoring of device movement and data erasure actions. This fosters trust and accountability among stakeholders, promoting responsible e-waste management in smart cities.  Designed and implemented a comprehensive e-waste tracking system for smart cities, ensuring seamless life-cycle management and secure data erasure from storage devices before they are recycled.  Validated systems viability through extensive testing. Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphone Datasets Aug. 2023  Sep. 2023  Achieved activity classification of walking, climbing/going down stairs, sitting, standing, and lying with 30 volunteers smartphone data (accelerometer, gyroscope).  Pre-processed and transformed sensor data using time and frequency domain analysis, separating gravity and body motion for accurate feature extraction.  Trained and tested various models (decision tree, random forest, etc.) on 70/30 data split, achieving high accuracy in classifying diverse activities. Volunteering Experience The Art of Living May 2019  present  Organized and facilitated various courses and free meditation workshops, introducing participants to techniques for stress management, self-awareness, and inner peace.  Provided assistance with workshop logistics, ensuring a smooth and welcoming experience for all participants.  Actively participated in Project Pavitra, an initiative spreading menstrual education among underprivileged women.  Contributed to workshops aimed at destigmatizing menstruation and equipping women with knowledge for better health and hygiene practices with Yoga and Pranayama. Technical Skills Languages: Java, SQL, Solidity Developer Tools: Git, and GitHub, AWS Interests: Problem-Solving, System Design, Fintech, DeFi, Blockchian, Deep Learning, IOTA, Quantum Computing, Product Management, Internet of Things, Intelligent Systems, Geopolitics, Yoga, Adventure Sports