DIVYA SAMPAT CHAKOR +91 9307888759 divyachakor01@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/divya-chakor-119649253/ divyaa0007 Education K J College of Engineering Management & Research December 2022- June 2025 Pune, Maharashtra Bachelor Of Engineering in Electronics and Telecommunication Pimpri Chinchwad Polytechnic, Nigdi Diploma in Information Technology, Percentage:80 Fattechand Jain Junior College Higher Secondary Education, Percentage:70 Matru Vidyalaya English Medium School Secondary Education, Percentage:94.40 Projects June 2022 Nigdi, Maharashtra February 2020 Chinchwad Pune, Maharashtra March 2018 Pune, Maharashtra Website on Health Care | P H P , H T M L , X A M P P s e r v e r , C S S , J a v a - s c r i p t  Developed a website which was helpful for the people during the period of Covid.  It was used to take appointment for the users who would not physically visit the hospital also the database of the patients was saved in the backend.  Some of the medicines were available on the website which could be purchased by the users online.  Website also provided information related to Yoga and the doctors, the feedback was also included in it. Bus Reservation System | Django , Python HTML, CSS  Developed a website where the Bus tickets can be booked.  Implemented secure reservation for the users.  The registration done by user was saved in the backend and the source and destination once provided was save and viewed by the user. Gesture Detection System | T i n y M L , A r d u i n o , H a r d w a r e  Design and developed a project to detect the hand movements such as flex and punch.  The physical actions to be detected by the machine is the main aim of the project. Technical Skills Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, PHP Web Technologies: Fronted Development (HTML, CSS, Java-script), AWS, Azure Databases: MySQL, Django Developer Tools: VS code, Eclipse, Git-hub, Mat-lab Course work  Data Structure, Fundamentals of Java, Database Management, Object Oriented Programming, Operating Systems. Measurable Achievements  Gold Medal at State Level Kickboxing Tournament  Participated in Hackathon from GeeksforGeeks  Participation in Poster Presentation Competition  First Ranker in elocution competition at school level Certifications Certificate 1: Data Structure in C : Achieved proficiency in C data structures through a comprehensive coursework, enhancing algorithmic problem-solving skills. Certificate 2 : Python in everyday Life : Coursera Work History  All India Council for Technical Education Internship in Web Development   Enrolled in SAP Training Program of Code Unnati Foundation Internship at PHN Technologies Pune in Data Science and Machine Learning with Python Hobbies  Silambam , Photography