Nawab Alam COMPUTER SCIENCE ENGINEER OBJECTIVE To obtain an internship and job for a software development role in an organization where my skills are nurtured, and my passion is utilized. CONTACT nawabmohammad83@gmail.com +91 880 209 7647 PROJECTS AND EXPERIENCE ABOUT ME TE XT SU MM A RIZ E R FO R N EW S AGG R EG AT IO N P L ATF OR M Nominated for project of the year in Manipal University Jaipur Developed a python-based application that summarizes news articles while preserving important information. Extended the application to contain news categories and search options for users to filter news of their interest Implemented quality control of news articles that can be adjusted using a seek-bar. Python . Flask . Steamlit . Google News RSS Api . Newspaper 3k B ND M OTO R SP O RT Have been an active member of the core team in BND motorsports and an integral part of the organizing team for various national level motor sporting events under FMSCI (Federation of Motor Sports Clubs of India). I am associated with BND Motorsport for more than 3 years and have managed responsibilities across various parallels of the complete event. Some of which are listed below Key Responsibilities  Create and manage BND motorsports live results portal  Manage logistical support for the team  Manage registration team for a seamless driver experience. The registration team is responsible for making entries, assigning race numbers, assigning car numbers, fee collection, license and other data verification Currently working on BND motorsport website which brings together registration, results, gallery, admin login, race control and various other dashboards. I am a passionate software developer pursuing B.Tech in Computer Science from Manipal University Jaipur. I have an experience web development and event management. I am a keen learner and adaptable towards the role presented before me. EDUCATION B. Tech CSE Manipal University Jaipur Diploma CS BFIT Dehradun Secondary Crescent School Delhi 6.55 8.0 7.0 SKILLS/ AREAS OF INTEREST C Python Web Development Operating Systems Data Structures Event Management