SAMUDRA MURTHY VARRE D-No 1-217 , Bhimavaram , pamulaparru , 534199 +91 8074486613 samudramurthyv@gmail.com https://github.com/Vsmurthy2003 Education SRM University Bachelor of Science in Computer Science - 8.32/10 Tirumala Junior College M.P.C - 955/1000 Narayana e-Techno School - SSE 10/10 Relevant Coursework & Certifications  Data Analysis Experience Research Internship Object detection using Rasberry Pi  Database Management Systems Dec. 2021  Jun 2025* Amaravati, Andhra Pradesh Jun 2019 Aug 2021 Bhimavaram, Andhra Pradesh July. 2016  May 2019 Bhimavaram, Andhra Pradesh September 2023  Present Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh  This is a project for identifying real-time objects using a Raspberry Pi 4 coupled with a camera module.  Essential components for implementing the project encompass a Raspberry Pi 4, an official camera module V2, a micro-SD card housing Raspberry Pi OS, and necessary peripherals.  The goal is to make it so this setup can figure out what things are in real time  like recognizing objects and animals instantly. This whole project is about how useful this technology can be in everyday situations. Projects Hostel Management System Using Data Base Managment system | DBMS Semester IV  In this project,Spearheaded the development and implementation of a comprehensive Hostel Management System, optimizing operational efficiency and enhancing guest experience.  Designed and integrated features including reservation management, room allocation, and billing systems, resulting in a seamless and user-friendly platform for hostel staff and guests.  Employed strong project management skills to ensure timely delivery, collaborated with cross-functional teams, and conducted thorough testing to guarantee the systems reliability and functionality. E-commerce | MERN STACK Semester VI  An e-commerce website is an online platform that facilitates the buying and selling of goods and services over the internet. Through an e-commerce website, a business can process orders, accept payments, manage shipping and logistics, and provide customer service.  E-commerce websites can take various forms, including business-to-consumer platforms where businesses sell directly to end consumers. They have become an integral part of modern commerce, offering convenience, accessibility, and a global reach for both buyers and sellers. Examples of popular e-commerce platforms include Amazon, eBay, Shopify, and many others. Technical Skills Languages: C,C++,Java,Python,SQL,HTML,CSS,JavaScript,Data Structures and Algorithm Developer Tools: VS Code, Technologies/Frameworks: .React.js,Node.js,Express.js,MongoDB,API,GitHub