Sanjay Kumar 5-I, B-block, Aratt Lake View County, Singasandra, Bengaluru, Karnataka-560068. 9035631302 | sainel2001@gmail.com  https://www.linkedin.com/in/sanjay-kumar-610809248 Objective To secure a position in a reputable organization, driven not solely by nancial incentives but with a primary focus on acquiring valuable experience through collaboration with seasoned industry professionals, both within and outside the organization. This endeavour aims to contribute my skills and knowledge to collaborative projects, fostering a dynamic learning environment while actively seeking opportunities for professional growth and skill development. Education Course / Degree School / University Grade / Score Year B.E.Mechatronics The Oxford College of Engineering 8.14 CGPA 2019-2023 12th Grade 10th Grade Experience Deva Matha Central School(CBSE) Pragathi...The School 58.8% 9 CGPA 2018 2016 Expeditors International 07-08-2023 - 25-02-2024 International Freight Forwarding Executive(Ocean Imports) Handled pre-alert notications for incoming shipments. Liaised with overseas agents and clients to provide shipment details. Veried documentation for accuracy and completeness. Communicated pre-alert details to customs brokers and relevant parties. Streamlined communication to expedite cargo clearance. Managed delivery order issuance for shipments. Liaised with carriers and customs authorities to ensure trade compliance and the subsequent cargo release. Monitored shipment status and provided timely updates to clients. Prepared and processed delivery orders accurately and efciently. Resolved any issues connected to delivery orders promptly. Monitored and traced shipment containers in real-time and enhanced efciency by providing accurate location and status updates. Conducted comprehensive screening to identify restricted Customs House Brokerages. Reliance Diamond Tools 02/08/2022 - 10/09/2022 Production & Procurement Intern Exposed myself to the production process of diamond tools. Achieved an understanding of the materials used in the production of diamond tools. Comprehended the processes to identify bottlenecks, minimize waste, and enhance overall productivity. In addition to production, I also exposed myself to the procurement process in the diamond tooling industry. Achieved a comprehensive understanding of the evaluation and selection of suppliers, negotiation of contracts, and tracking of procurement metrics by closely working with procurement specialists. Skills Communication Problem-solving Analytical Microsoft Ofce Suite Tableau Jira Python Programming C Programming Projects Smart Wheelchair For Quadriplegics The Smart Wheelchair utilizes Arduino-based sensors to detect user input, such as voice commands, enabling intuitive control mechanisms. By interpreting these inputs, the wheelchair can initiate the appropriate movements and provide a more seamless user experience. In addition, the Arduino platform enables the integration of obstacles, enhancing safety during wheelchair navigation. By utilizing sensors and programming logic, the wheelchair can detect and respond to obstacles in real-time. Automatic Parking System The Automatic parking system was built using Arduino Uno, a Servo motor, IR sensors and an LCD. The Arduino Uno allows for coding our specic requirements, the Servo motor is used for opening and closing the gate, the IR sensors help detect the presence of vehicles and the LCD simply displays the availability of parking slots. Interests Business Analysis Project Management Supply Chain Management Marketing Languages English Hindi Tamil Kannada Certications Certied Lean Six Sigma Yellow belt IIBA-CBAP and CCBA Trained Agile Scrum Master(ASM) Trained Business Analytics Engineering Project Management Jira Fundamentals Badge Supply Chain Management Global Procurement and Sourcing Activities Voting awareness campaign Street cleaning campaign Blood donation camp PLOG Runs