+91 9625617422 | tanishachoudhary2207@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanisha-choudhary-206b9922b/ | Tanisha Choudhary Education Kiet Group Of Institutions Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology(Score-7.9) Delhi Public School Intermediate(Score-93.4) Internship Experience EY GDS-AICTE Full-Stack Development Intern Ghaziabad Nov 2021  June 2025 Greater Noida Apr. 2020  June 2021 February 2024  April 2024  Built a voting web application using Python and Django (fullstack development).  Designed the application for user voting with a user-friendly interface (front-end and back-end).  Ensured responsiveness and user-friendly interface for seamless voting experience CODE CLAUSE Web Development Intern July 2023 - August 2023  Developed and enhanced skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other web technologies through hands-on projects.  Created a product landing page, including a Starbucks-themed landing page, showcasing design and functionality.  Built a professional portfolio website, demonstrating proficiency in front-end development and web design. Projects Voting Web Application | HTML,CSS3,Javascript,Python,Django February 2024  April 2024  Built with Python and Django, the voting web application offers users a seamless experience to participate in polls.  Users can choose from a range of categories and vote for their preferences effortlessly, enhancing engagement.  Leveraging Djangos robust framework, the application guarantees reliability and security for both users and administrators. Travel Worms | HTML, CSS, JavaScript May 2022  June 2022  Designed and developed an interactive and user-friendly platform for travelers to discover, plan, and book travel experiences conveniently.  Implemented comprehensive features and functionalities to enable users to explore various destinations and make bookings seamlessly.  I created a visually appealing web interface to enhance user experience and engagement. Technical Skills Languages: Python, C/C++, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks Django Developer Tools: Git, Docker, AWS Cloud Platform, VS Code Achievements and Certifications  Achieved 4-Star in the C in HackerRank.  LinkedIn-Learning Docker(Feb2024)  AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner (Dec23)  Database Foundations: Intro to Databases(Oct23)  Fundamentals of Data Science - YBI Foundation (May23) Leadership / Extracurricular KIET Basketball Team Captain June 2022  Present KIET Group of Institutions  Leading the team in practices and games, coordinating strategies and fostering teamwork to achieve competitive success. .  Serving as a liaison between the coach and players, ensuring effective communication and promoting team morale and discipline.