Divax Shah (cid:131) +91-8866572525 # divax12345@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin  Github HuggingFace Education Parul Institute of Engineering and Technology B.Tech, Computer Science and Engineering Gyanmanjari Secondary and Higher Secondary School, Bhavnagar GHSEB, Gujarat Skills Technologies: Python, TensorFlow, OpenCV, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn Frameworks: Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn, HuggingFace -Transformers, Streamlit, Tkinter CGPA: 8.2 2024 Percentage: 64% 2020 APIs: OpenAI API, Google Gemini API Experience Jr. Python Developer Thinkbiz Technology Private Limited May 2024 : Present  Currently developing an advanced pipeline for Jugaad, Thinkbizs own product, leveraging OCR (Optical Character Recognition) and LLM (Large Language Model) technologies to extract and process text from various types of invoices. This involves thorough research and evaluation of open-source tools, including OCR systems and language models.  Conducted extensive exploration and testing of open-source OCR and LLM tools to determine their efficacy in handling diverse invoice formats and languages. Built and curated specialized datasets to enhance the accuracy and reliability of the text extraction process, ensuring the systems robustness and scalability for real-world applications. AI and Synthetic Data Developer Intern DMI Finance Private Limited January 2024 : April 2024  Developed a generative AI system for synthetic structured data generation, from concept to deployment. This involved creating a pipeline with Python and Gradio for data cleaning, deduplication, and embedding, enhancing data quality for generative models. Additionally, I designed a robust training framework using PyTorch and Hugging Faces Transformers, enabling fine-tuning Large Language Models (LLMs) with diverse datasets, significantly improving model accuracy and performance.  Introduced a user-friendly Gradio interface to streamline synthetic structured data generation, facilitating easy data synthesis for users and enhancing customer interaction with the system. This interface significantly simplified the synthetic structured data generation process for users. Projects Geolocation through Image Classification | Model Developer May 2023 : November 2023  Worked as the core model developer on a 4-person team for this final year project. My responsibilities include designing, | Paper (arxiv.org) training and optimizing deep learning models to identify Indian cities from user-uploaded images.  Trained a deep learning model on a dataset of 10,500 images depicting 5 Indian cities, achieving 66.3% accuracy. Implemented transfer learning using a VGG16 CNN model for feature extraction and deployed it using Flask. Character Chatbot | LLM Finetuner March 2023 : May 2023  Curated a dataset of movie character dialogues and fine-tuned a GPT-2 model facilitated by PyTorch and the HuggingFace library on this data for interactive text generation.  Built a conversational Natural Language Processing (NLP) chatbot using Python, TensorFlow, and HuggingFace Transformers, enabling users to have natural, engaging text-based conversations with popular fictional characters such as Tony Stark (Iron Man) and Harry Potter. Itinerary Generator October 2023 : November 2023  Developed a more improved itinerary builder by Finetuning GPT-2 on 119 rows of worldwide trip plans, using PyTorch, | LLM Finetuner Hugging Faces Transformers, and a dataset generated by GPT-4 for subtle itinerary generation.  I was responsible for the model development from inception to testing which comprised training, fine-tuning, and deployment that allows the generating of travel itineraries on demand using a saved and easily accessible model and tokenizer.