Jaiveer Backend developer yadavjaiyadav445@gmail.com 8287682004 Gurugram 25 Feb 1997 linkedin jaiveer.website.in SKILLS Express.js Node.js Blockchain JSX JavaScript Solidity Mongo DB PostgreSQL Web3 Ethereum Smart Contracts React.js JWT and Passport State and Props Truffle,Hardhat And Foundry S3 bucket Git Gira and Postman IPFS Remix-idx,Metamask and Coinbase wallet Material UI React components Redux and React Router RestAPIs and CRUD operations EDUCATION Graduation Indira Gandhi University 2016  2020 | Rewari, Haryana INTERESTS Cricket Travelling Coding PROFILE Highly motivated and aspiring Backend and Blockchain developer with a strong passion for creating efficient, robust, and scalable applications. Equipped with a solid foundation in Node.js, Express.js, and JavaScript, as well as expertise in blockchain technologies such as Ethereum and smart contract development. Dedicated to expanding skills and staying updated with the latest advancements in backend and blockchain development. PROJECTS Flexserve Worked on the Flexserve project, where I created a new Post API using JavaScript and the Express framework. Implemented JWT authentication tokens for authorization and utilized PostgreSQL as the database. Bitchezz World Developed the Bitchezz World NFT project by creating smart contracts using Solidity with the Truffle testing framework. Deployed the contracts on the Goerli Ethereum testnet and used ERC721 tokens on the OpenSea marketplace and use metamask wallet, integrating it with the frontend. DocSign Contributed to the DocSign project by creating various APIs using Node.js, Express, JavaScript,ethereum blockchain,IPFS. Implemented authentication using Passport.js. Stored documents on IPFS and managed keys using NoSQL MongoDB.And use nodemailer to send the document link from one user to other via mail. FOS Revamped the entire UI of the FOS project using Material-UI. Fetched data from APIs and displayed it in rows and columns, customizing the UI according to client requirements. Stockjarvis Worked on the Stockjarvis project, focusing on fixing bugs and ensuring the application's functionality and stability. indihippy indihippy is Ecommerce website.I worked on its backend part use node.js,javascript and Express framework. Implemented passport.js for authorization and utilized mongodb as the database. Xtrapp Xtrapp is collaboration platform.I work on backend for develop its Dashboard and portfolios.I integrate third party app phylo for getting data and Implemented passport.js for authorization and utilized mongodb as the database. Fr.Cash Fr.cash is blockchain project.I wrote the smartcontract for it and integrate with using node.js.Use Remix-idx for testing the smart contract and use coinbase walllet for transction. Banpride Banpride is blockchain project.I wrote its smartcontract in solidty at ethereum blockchain and test using Remix-idx and use coinbase wallet for the transction. ||||||||||||||||||||||English Hindi LANGUAGES PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Appzotech entreprise pvt.ltd Web developer Experience in developing web applications using Node.js. Expertise in creating and consuming RESTful APIs and designing data models. Ability to work in a fastpaced environment and collaborate with a team of developers. Familiarity with version control systems such as Git. Knowledge of database technologies such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL. Developed blockchain applications using Ethereum. Utilized Node.js, web3.js, and RESTful APIs to create blockchain applications. Developed and tested blockchain applications using test networks. Developed code, scripts, and webbased blockchain applications. Configured smart contracts and Solidity scripts to automate business processes.