Priya Rani Certifications | Internships E Email : ranipriya7209903@gmail.com Phone No. : +91-72099-03990 LinkedIn: Priya-rani NPTEL Certification in Design and Analysis of Algorithms (DAA):  Gained comprehensive understanding of algorithmic techniques like sorting, searching, dynamic programming, and graph algorithms. NPTEL Certification in Software Engineering (SE):  Acquired in-depth understanding of software development life cycles, project management, and quality assurance. Projects Image Search App  Developed a web application enabling users to search and view images using external APIs.  Implemented responsive design and efficient data handling to enhance user experience.  Utilised JavaScript, HTML, and CSS for a dynamic and interactive interface. Enterprise Assistance Developed a predictive model to assess enterprise working rates using machine learning algorithms.   Analysed historical data to identify key success factors and improve prediction accuracy.  Implemented in Python, utilising libraries such as scikit-learn and pandas for data processing and model training. Crop Yield Prediction Developed a predictive model to estimate crop yields using machine learning algorithms.   Analysed climatic, soil, and historical yield data to enhance prediction accuracy.  Implemented in Python, utilising libraries such as scikit-learn and pandas for data processing and model training. Skills  Computer Language : C, C++, Java ,HTML, CSS, SQL, Python, DSA, React.js, JavaScript  Tools & Technology : VS code, JIRA , MongoDB Education Passing Year 2025 2020 2018 Degree/Examination Institution/ Board CGPA/Percentage B. Tech 12th 10th Manipal University Jaipur 9.62 CGPA CBSE CBSE 96.8% 94.2% Achievements and Co-Curricular Activities  Dean's List for Academic Excellence: Included in the Deans List for outstanding academic performance during the third, fourth, fifth and sixth semesters.  TMA PAI Merit Scholarship Recipient: Awarded the TMA PAI Merit Scholarship for three consecutive years (first year, second year,   and third year) for exceptional academic achievement. Participant, 4th International Conference on Smart Systems: Contributed to the organisation and execution of a major conference on innovation in computing, gaining exposure to cutting-edge technologies and networking with industry professionals. Volunteer, Blood Donation Camp: Organized and facilitated a blood donation camp at college, promoting social responsibility and community service.