PREMA SHANKAR W e b D e v e l o p e r 7700092884 premashankar96@gmail.com github.com/presha-94 Mumbai , Maharashtra ABOUT ME I'm currently pursuing Third Year IT engineering . I have the potential to grasp things better.I have great interest in exploring technologies and an aspirant of Web Development .Always keen in exploring new things.Always eager to dive deeper into learning new skills and adding them to my array. EDUCATION Pursuing B.Tech IT from Shah & anchor Kutchhi Engineering College HSC Maharashtra State Board in 2021 with 95.50% SSC Maharashtra Board in 2019 with 88.00% SKILLS CERTIFICATIONS Data Analytics Essentials by Cisco GEN AI Study Jam by Google Developer Students Club Python 3.4.3 Training by Spoken tutorials at IIT Bombay. React Js by Udemy. Software Engineering and Agile software development by Infosys Springboard. Database Design by Infosys Springboard. Internship and job Preparation Training by Internshala. C Training by Spoken tutorials at IIT Bombay. INTERNSHIPS Frontend Technologies Worked on MERN Stack Technologies In House, Mumbai || Comps Department MERN Stack : React Developer Programming (Python,c++) Data Analytics Problem Solving Analytical Skills Communication and Teamwork Indian Knowldege System Intern Worked on Lakshana granthas and contributed towards UI design of the music app PROJECTS Python Quiz System : The quiz system was based on grading system the user were graded with points based on correct answers. Split Bill : A React Js Project used for spliting bills among friends Movie Wishlist: A React Js Project to add the movies into wishlist by use of API integration. Quiz site : A React Js Quiz app with timer and points which keeps POSITIONS AND RESPONSIBILITY track of maximum points earned. Google Developer Student Clubs Content Creator Lead || GDSC SAKEC Responsible for all the content circulation and content building of the club . Orator of the club and responsible for drafting official messages and reports of the club. Responsible for handling the Graphics ,Logistics teams. WorldWise : A React Js Project that keeps list of cities visited or allows to add cities direclty into list by clciking on the map. Used third party libraries to integrate map . Resource Sharing Site: A React Js Project where people share and contribute soft resources. Machine Learning project : Skin Disease Detection System Volunteer Role || Literature Team Responsible for creating official publicity messages of the PRESENTATIONS team. Participated in Paper Presentation as a delegate in the National Youth Conference by Indian Knowledge System. Participated in an internal hackathon for SIH.