+91-7004926901 | vineetguptabth3@gmail.com | linkedin/i-vineetgupta | github.com/i-vineetgupta Vineet Kumar Education Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering (Data Science) 7/10 CGPA Nov. 2021  Present Dr. D Y Patil Pushapalata Patil International School Senior Secondary School (CBSE) Dr. D Y Patil Pushapalata Patil International School Secondary School (CBSE) Experience Data Analyst Intern Website Builders Shop 83% 2020 82.8% 2018 Aug 2023  Jan 2024 Delhi, India  Created detailed reports and dashboards using tools like Tableau, Power BI, and Excel to visualize key metrics and trends.  Assisted in maintaining and updating SQL databases, ensuring data integrity and accessibility.  Worked closely with cross-functional teams, Provided actionable insights that contributed to a 15% increase in marketing campaign effectiveness. Data Science Intern Bharat Intern Jun 2023  Jul 2023 Remote  Developed a stock price prediction model using Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural networks to forecast future stock prices.  Trained the LSTM model using Python and TensorFlow, optimizing hyperparameters to improve prediction accuracy.  Documented the entire project lifecycle, from data collection to model evaluation, ensuring reproducibility and clarity. Projects AI ATTENDANCE USING OpenCV  Developed an OpenCV-based model that records and marks attendance automatically.  Scans and saves facial data in database and provides advanced functionality to attendance system.  Technologies Used - Python, Image Processing, OpenCV, dlib DRIVER DROWSINESS DETECTION  Created a system to detect driver drowsiness using image analysis and deep learning techniques.  Collected and processed images and videos of drivers to train and test the detection model.  Developed a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to identify signs of drowsiness from facial features.  Achieved a prediction accuracy of 92% by optimizing model parameters. Technical Skills Languages: Python, OOPs, SQL, JavaScript(Basic), HTML/CSS Frameworks: WordPress Developer Tools: VS Code, Azure Core Subjects: Database Management System, Software Engineering Areas of Interest: Data Analysis, Software Development, Web Design and Development Certifications  Data Structures & Algorithms - Internshala  Python for Data Science, AI & Development - IBM(Coursera)  Build an Azure AI Vision solution - Microsoft  Create an intelligent document processing solution with Azure AI Document Intelligence - Microsoft