Shivam Sharma er.shivamsharma09@gmail.com 9310836426 Dehi-07 Profile Engineering undergraduate seeking to leverage data analytical skills to improve corporate performance in the field of data. I will put all my effort to contribute to the organization with deep sense of commitments through proactive approach, leading capabilities and self- development. 07/2023  08/2023 Delhi, India 01/2024 11/2023 05/2019 Delhi 05/2021 Delhi 2021  2025 Delhi Professional Experience Internship, HFCL LTD Training, IBM Industrial visit, Network Bulls Industrial visit Qualifications 10th, Andhra Education Senior Secondary School(CBSE)(84.7%) 12th, Andhra Education Senior Secondary School(CBSE)Year of Passing(2021)marks(95.6%) Under Graduation, Vivekananda Institute of Professional Studies. (GGSIPU University)(91.25%). Skills Technical Skills Language:- Python, c Technologies/Framework:-Html,CSS,Javascript Soft Skills:- Time Managemnent,Problem Solving,Interpersonal Skills Languages English Interests CRICKET Projects Hindi Football Telegu Music Cricvision, Based on Analysing IPL Cricket Dataset using diffrent Python Libraries The CricVision website is a comprehensive online platform designed to cater to cricket enthusiasts worldwide. It serves as a centralized hub for accessing real-time match updates, in-depth statistical analysis, interactive features, and community engagement related to the sport of cricket.  AmateurCSD POTAL at HFCL LTD, Develop CSD PORTAL using HTML ,CSS ,JAVASCRIPT The Customer Service Desk (CSD) Portal is a centralized web-based platform developed by HFCL Ltd to efficiently manage and resolve customer service requests across its operations. It aims to improve customer satisfaction by providing a seamless and transparent process for handling service-related issues. RFID Based Locking System, using IOT Sensor And Actuators. The RFID based locking system aims to enhance security and convenience in various applications such as homes, offices, and industrial environments. It utilizes RFID tags and readers to authenticate users and grant access through electronically controlled locks. Courses App Building Onramp, MathsWorks Learn About creating app in Matlab by using app designer to build an app from start to finish. Image Processing Onramp, MathWorks Learn About Image Processing Onramp, Self Paced Online Course that provide hand on performing Image Analysis. Introduction to Data Analytics, Coursera,IBM skill Develop Working Knowledge of Python Language for analysing data using Python libraries like Pandas and Numpy & invoke API Introduction To Data Science, Coursera Learn the tools , language ,libraries used by Professional data Scientist, including Python and SQL. 03/2024 Delhi, India 02/2024 Delhi, India Objective 1.Secure a responsible carreer opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills,while making a significant contribution to the success of the company 2. Seeking a challenging career with an MNC