SAMRAT PANDEY Innovative Software Engineering Enthusiast Enthusiastic and passionate student looking forward to learn about the emerging trends and techniques in the eld .A natural problem-solver with a keen eye for detail, I thrive in dynamic environments where I can apply my analytical mindset and creative thinking to overcome challenges. I possess a relentless drive to excel in every eld I encounter. samratp663@gmail.com 9310397929 Noida sector - 53, Block - C, House no - 48, Village - Gijhor UP 201301, Noida, India linkedin.com/in/samrat-pandey-569815246 github.com/samrat663 instagram.com/samrat.pandey.3785 EDUCATION 10th Standard CBSE Sahil Public School 2018, 12th Standard CBSE D.S.R. Modern School 2020, Courses PCM WORK EXPERIENCE Technical Support Spraxa Solutions Pvt Ltd 02/2023 - 06/2024, Achievements/Tasks 72.6% 62.3% Noida (Working Remotely) Debug and troubleshoot the errors found and x them Handle client requirements Prepare reports and work on support desk tickets. SKILLS Python Problem Solving HTML XML CSS JavaScript React MySQL NODE PROJECTS E-Voting system Creating an online voting system for people so that they can vote for their candidates. It will save time and for people who can not travel to their voting area can easily vote. Project Title: Lightweight Python Code Editor with PyQt5 This project is a lightweight Python code editor built using the PyQt5 library. The primary goal of this project is to provide a simple, ecient, and user-friendly environment for writing, editing, and running Python code Project Title: Real-Time Interactive Quiz Platform with Google Sheets API Integration This project is a real-time interactive quiz platform developed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It leverages the Google Sheets API for real-time data fetching and manipulation, providing a seamless and ecient way to manage quiz content and store students cores. CERTIFICATES Getting Started with AI using IBM Watson IBM Human-Centered Design for Inclusive Innovation University of Toronto Building AI Powered Chatbots Without Programming IBM Etc. LANGUAGES ENGLISH Full Professional Prociency FRENCH Full Professional Prociency HINDI Full Professional Prociency INTERESTS Travelling Cooking Music