P R A K H A R G U P T A P-14, Vijay Vihar, Uttam Nagar, New Delhi- 110059 +91-9871043638 pprakhargupta2000@gmail.com Career Objective Upcoming software engineering graduate eager to apply academic knowledge and coding skills in a dynamic tech environment. Committed to collaborating with teams, solving complex problems, and driving innovation for professional growth. Education Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Technology Bachelors in Information Technology Overall CGPA : 9.18 Sumermal Jain Public School 12th Passout Percentage: 79.4% Sumermal Jain Public School 10th Passout Percentage: 90.4% Tools & Technologies 2020-2024 2019-2020 2017-2018 Tools: VS Code , Firebase , Vercel , Jupyter NoteBook Technologies : Python , Java , C++, MySQL , HTML , CSS , ReactJS , ExpressJS Familiar With: MongoDB , Materials-UI Projects CodeFolio Guide: Mrs. Shipra Raheja Description: Developed an application that aggregates coding profiles from platforms like LeetCode and GeeksForGeeks. It aggregates results from different platforms and shows combined score. It presents these profiles alongside redirect links, which includes project links and LinkedIn profile, all accessible through a single, user-friendly interface, similar to Linktree. Technologies Used: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Firebase Auth Ecomm Description: Developed a simple and easy to use application with eye-catchy UI, seamless process and great user experience. Users needs to only log in once to access a convenient cart and search for specific products, with the added functionality of applying filters based on category. Technologies Used: React.js, Redux.js, Materials-UI, Firebase Auth SandyEstates Description: Developed a web application to facilitate buy/sell properties. This application helps user to search/sell property as they do not need to go to individual dealers, thus saves time. SandyEstates provides complete information of the property, along with its location and contact details of the owner. With SandyEstates, user can choose from various houses/property options to find fit as per their preferences. Moreover, one can sell his/her property on the platform too. Thus, this application act as a mediator between the two parties. Technologies Used: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Vercel Trainings & Certifications Web Developement Internship Provider: CodSoft Duration: August 2023 - September 2023 Description: Engaged in an intensive internship program focused on web development projects. Acquired proficiency in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.js, while gaining practical experience in back-end development with Node.js and MongoDB. Designed and deployed responsive web applications with a robust backend infrastructure and database integration. Full Stack Web Development Training Program Provider: Devsnest Duration: August 2022 - November 2022 Description: Comprehensive training program focusing on both Front End and Back End technologies essential for modern web development, alongside in-depth coverage of Data Structures and Algorithms implemented using Python. Covered topics included HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React.js, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, RESTful APIs, and deployment strategies. Positions of Responsibility Lead my team in Web3 Dev Hackathon. Member of the Team NDB ( Nano-Diamond Battery). Achievements Golden Batch Holder in SQL on HackerRank 2nd Price in Writing Competition Interest & Hobbies Reading Fictional Stories Watching Movies Watching Science Related Videos Solving numerical ability and reasoning ability questions