Twinkle Meena Bachelor of Technology Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, Education Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering BSN Academy - Senior Secondary CBSE Board BSN Academy - Secondary CBSE Board Experiences/Internships (cid:131) +91 9571857577  GitHub Profile @ Gmail 2020-24 CGPA: 8.9 2019 Percentage - 62 2017 CGPA - 8.68 RenderBit Technologies Worked primarily on ReactJS, React Native and GoJS Library  Worked on optimizing the React Native E-commerce Project and implementing the Figma design  Implemented the GoJS library in React for building workflows May 2023 - June 2023 Mibi Services Pvt. Ltd. ReactJS | Tailwind |Typescript  Made the complete MVP (Web Application and Mobile Application) for the start-up.  Most challenging task was to prevent re-renders and optimizations (Implemented Memoization and Code Splitting). August 2021 - October 2021 Personal Projects DiscreetOpinions - Anonymously Commenting Application Web app allows users to receive anonymous comments from others, fostering interaction and feedback.  Distinct personal links allow users to share and receive anonymous feedback. Unique IDs are assigned to anonymous participants, with sub-comments for detailed discussions. MySQL, React, Redux, NodeJS, Express AutismAlert - Android App for Autism Detecting (ISAA) Developed ISAA Manual Test app for pediatric autism assessment, featuring 40 purposefully designed questions  The app offers user login/signup, a secure database, and empowers parents to gain insights into their childs autism degree. FirebaseDB, Firebase PayCart - E-Commerce Web Application With Payment Integration An impressive e-commerce web app with seamless Razorpay integration for secure and smooth payment transactions.  Robust checkout and cart features ensure easy purchase management, making it a comprehensive solution for streamlined online shopping. React, Redux, Firebase, and Tailwind CSS Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C++, Javascript ,HTML, CSS Web Dev Tools: Nodejs, VScode, Git, Github | Libraries : ReactJS, React Native, GoJS | Relevent Coursework: Database Management System, Data | Databases: MySQL Structures & Algorithms, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming Positions of Responsibility Core Team Head of Hospitality - Effervescence November 2022 - December 2022  Led and managed the Hospitality Core Team for EFFERVESCENCE, overseeing event planning, logistics, and guest services, ensuring seamless execution and exceptional experiences for attendees.  Spearheaded successful collaborations with external vendors and internal stakeholders, optimizing resource alloca- tion and achieving cost-efficiency while maintaining high-quality standards in event hospitality. Achievements  Top 50 Contributors - OPENCODE21, Organised by GeekHeven, IIIT Allahabad.  Designed, developed, and validated the "Autism Aware" app, showcasing dedication to technology-driven social impact through collaboration with medical experts.  Guided volleyball team to Spardha (IIT BHUs Annual Sports Festival) runner-up as Captain, exemplifying lead- ership, teamwork, and competitive drive.