ADITHYAN G +918589838233  India, Kerala adithyang619@gmail.com  www.linkedin.com/in/adithyan-g-255099221 OBJECTIVE Highly motivated and detail-oriented candidate passionate about using data to improve business performance and customer experience. Skilled at leveraging data to develop actionable solutions to business challenges and utilizing data mining and data visualization to create meaningful insights. Excellent technical aptitude and knowledge of programming languages, data analytics, and data visualization. EDUCATION Master in Data Analytics, Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Expected 2024 Relevant Coursework: Data Visualization and Communication, Deep Learning and Neural Networks, Machine Learn- ing and Predictive Analytics. Bachelor in Mathematics, Sahrdaya College of Advanced Studies. 2019 - 2022 SKILLS Technical Skills Soft Skills Python, Data analytics, Data visualization, Power BI, Excel, Basic C/C++, MySQL. Time Management, problem-solving, Adaptability, Teamwork. EXPERIENCE Python Full Stack SMEC Automation Pvt Ltd. Jul 2023 - Aug 2023 Kochi, Kerala  Developed and implemented Python full stack projects during a 1-month internship at SMEC Automation.  Analyzed problems and worked with teams to develop solutions and Dashboards.  Sorted and organized files, spreadsheets, and reports. PROJECTS Early Autism diagnosis detection in children. This automation uses deep learning and a combination of CNN and Deep learning algorithms. Stock price prediction analysis. Performed comprehensive analysis of stock market data to predict future price movements, employing advanced statistical models and machine learning techniques. Application of Matrices. The project deals with different applications of matrices which contain Google page rank, cryptography, and some matrices in real life such as 3D transformation, real-world data, and construction. CERTIFICATIONS  Certified in Python for data science (IBM)  Certified in Google Analytics  Certified in Skill development (NPTEL)  Certified in DCA (Technova tech ) INTEREST  Drawing  Traveling  Music