Shivam Pal shivampal28056@gmail.com 8081384640 Kanpur nagar LinkedIn Github SUMMARY I excel in rapidly changing environments and I'm keen to learn and collaborate effectively. I'm eager to solve programming challenges and enjoy taking on web development and design projects that enhance user experiences. I'm eager to contribute my skills to a forward-thinking team, where I can continue to learn and grow while creating impactful solutions. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology(B. tech),Information Technology PSIT College of Engineering Aggregate-65% Intermediate(12th),UP Board S.R.L.N.K. Inter college Aggregate-70% High School(10th),UP Board M K H S School Aggregate-74% PROJECTS The Helping Hand Crowdfunding Platform 2020  present Kanpur, India 2017  2019 Kanpur, India 2016  2017 Kanpur Nagar 04/2023  present Technology used-Java Script, Solidity, Metamask, MongoDB Orchestrated strategic planning and execution to develop an intuitive interface, developed and managed a crowdfunding platform that empowers individuals and organizations to raise funds for their projects. Through strategic planning and implementation, I created a user-friendly interface, enabling seamless campaign creation, donation management, and tracking of progress. E-commerce Web-sites 09/2022  12/2022 Tech Stack-HTML, CSS, JS Developed an e-commerce platform using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, ensuring seamless cross-device functionality and compatibility. Ensures seamless online browsing and secure, efficient purchasing. Optimized performance through CSS/JS minification, lazy loading, and browser caching, enhancing load times. RAZORPAY Clone "Crafted a clone of the Razorpay website using HTML, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript, demonstrating expertise in front-end web development and mastery of responsive design principles." Integrated secure payment processing and ensuring an accessible user interface React TailwindCSS MS Office HTML5+CSS3 Rest API TECHNICAL SKILLS Python Git & Github SQL JavaScript frontend React Query SUBJECT OF INTERESTS Data Structure And Algorithms DBMS Computer Network CERTIFICATES Python Certificate E and ICT Academy kanpur,IIT kanpur Programming fundamentals using python-INFOSYS Web development Certificate