AKASH A Accounts and Senior HR Executive Mobile No: 9008672371 Mail Id: akashdhayare@gmail.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/akash-a-b171a3257 CAREER OBJECTIVE & PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: Looking for an opportunity to utilize my acquired skills and training to help the company and my future peers grow. I want my efforts to make a considerable difference to the company and help in their consequent success. An Enthusiastic HR Professional with over one and a half years of hands-on experience in Accounts and end-to-end Human Resource activities such as HR operations, Offer/Appraisal Letter creation, Induction, Onboarding & coordinating, MIS, HRMS, Time & Leave, Attendance Management, Exit Formalities, Conducted Campus recruitment drives in a number of Educational and Coaching institutes, Conducting a demonstration for the client on how to use the tool ,Administration Bills, Documenting & Filing, Invoice Creations , Verifying the Payments Received from Client for the Generated Invoice, Petty Cash Management, Payroll Management in Odoo ERP. WORK EXPERIENCE: Designation  Accounts and Senior Human Resource Executive PRIME MINDS CONSULTING PRIVATE LTD. (19th December 2022  Till date) Location  Bangalore Responsibilities:  Managing Employee life cycle for 50+ employees in Bangalore location including interns of Sales and marketing, Human Resource, Law intern, Python Developer.  Complete Onboarding Formalities for New Joiners (Welcome, Email ID, visiting cards, ID card, Bank A/c creation), Taking Induction Session for the new joiners, Ensure to complete the Post Onboarding Process of all employees as per the defined process.  Manage business letters and official letters related to employees offer & appointment letter, salary increment letter, relieving / designation letter and experience letter, PIP, warning letter, contract extension letter, creating ESIC Number, etc.  Validating associate details to onboard and documentation. Making different salary compensation & updating associate details in Employee Data Sheet. Campus hiring (Q spiders and J spiders) Basavanagudi, Online Drive (Nxtwave.tech), BMS college of law (Online Interviews). Visited nearby law colleges for Internship students and many other Institutes. Issuing appointment letter and explaining the salary details.    Briefing the new joiners about company policies and procedures, leave policies, ensuring the completion of joining formalities (Issue Offer Letter / Appointment Letter, collection of required documents etc., Collect Signed Appointment Letter, NDA Form from candidates)  Verifying of documents, updating the complete details of the new joiners, Co-ordination with Technical Team for official Email ID Creation, Maintaining employee personal data files.  Issuing relieving letters, experience certificates to the resigned employees. Asset Allocation:  BGV, MIS, Reports & Database, Attendance Management, Performance Appraisal Management. Other HR Activities:  Responsible for overseeing the daily HR operations  Update daily Leave tracker and Attendance sheet of Employees.  Creating Email ID, Issuing SIM, Mobile, laptop for new joiners.  Adding new joiners to respective WhatsApp group, social groups & engaging activities.  Maintains of all assets related to office.  Check employee data sheet for yearly hike appraisal of employees.  Validating employees received incentives for every month & preparing incentive report of recruitment team.  Ensuring new joiners received training for respective role selected.  Post onboarding collect pending documents from employees.  Preparing termination mail to employees including PIP  Getting confirmation from manager for leave approval to employees.  Sharing Relieving & experience letter for resigned employees.  Co-ordinating with Interns for Sales and Marketing and HR related work.  Internship Radisson Bangalore City Center from - June 1st 2022 to July 20th 2022 (Human Resource Intern) EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: SVR College of Commerce and Management Studies. Bangalore - Master of Business Administration - MBA (Finance & Human Resources) (2022) [7.72 CGPA] R.B.A.N.M.S. FIRST GRADE DEGREE College  2020 - B.COM (Accounting & Taxation Group) [6.6 CGPA] R.B.A.N.M.S. PUC College - PUC (Commerce) (2017) [6.4%] FUNCTIONAL & DOMAIN SKILLS: * HR Operations / Operation Executive * HR Executive * HRM * HR Administration/HR Admin * HR Payroll / Payroll Management / Payroll Executive * Human Resource/HR * Performance Appraisal * HRMS * Offer Generation * Orientation * Exit Formalities * Client Engagement * Background verification (BGV) * Statutory compliances * HR Internal communication *Documentation* Management & analytical skills *Proficient in MS-Office *Word *Excel *Power point and Outlook CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES & ACHIEVEMENTS:  NCC (National Cadet Corps) c certificate holder.  NSS (National Service Scheme) student.  First prize in poster presentation competition  Participated in various events and seminars in different colleges.  Contribution as a participant in Management meets and cultural programs.  Imtex - 2023 (Exhibitor) From PMCPL SOFT SKILLS  Participated in the National level virtual Workshop on profession Exploration.  Student development program on a fivefold path to self-growth ACADEMIC PROJECTS: Handwritten Digital Recognition  A Study on Brand Importance in New Product Development with Respect to Athletes (5%).  A Study on Career, Advancement, Planning and Its Effects on Employees at Radisson Bengaluru City Center (13%). PERSONAL DETAILS: : AKASH A : 12-12-1998 : Male Name Date of Birth Sex Contact Number : 9008672371 Email ID Languages Known Hobbies : akashdhayare@gmail.com : English, Hindi, Kannada, Marathi &Tamil : Listening music, Travelling, Playing cricket Acknowledgement: I hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. Date: Place : Akash A