Kajol Bhandari | Mumbai, INDIA | +91-8356942269 | kajolbhandari02@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/kajol-bhandari-810281291 EDUCATION Shah And Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Mumbai B.E. Computer Engineering November 2022 - present Vidyalankar Polytechnic, Mumbai Diploma in Computer Engineering (90.31%) August 2019 - July 2022 St. Sebastian High School, Chembur, Mumbai S.S.C (71.4%) March 2019 INTERNSHIPS Chic Infotect Prime solution, committed service(quiz app) Shah & Anchor Kutchhi Engineering college(E- commerce app) JP Morgans Internship Bharat Internship (Web Development) TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C, C++, Python, Database: SQL,Oracle, MongoDB. Web Development: HTML, Java Script, NodeJS. Microsoft Office package: Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint SKILLS Computer Skill, Team management, Software Engineering, organizational skills, Fexibility. LANGUAGES English, Hindi and Marathi to utilize excellent Seeking communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills to complete tasks. Reliable with a good work ethic and the ability to quickly adapt to new tasks and environments. Reliable worker with time management, and computer skills. A driven and detail- oriented individual with a desire to use analytical and problem-solving skills to meet goals. communication, excellent PROJECTS Hostel Management System  Hostel Management System is a console Application made using Java Language using AWT, swing and graphic libraries of java. Its main objective is to manage room, New Student & Employee Registration, Update & Delete Student and Employee and many more functionality. Vehicle Management System  It is developed on PHP Language using HTML, CSS, JavaScript. This project is Web Application for vehicle repair/Service shop or business Its main objective is to provide service for vehicle like cleaning, providing mechanics, Change oil, Engine tune up, Tire replacement Smart disease Prediction  Smart disease prediction is a healthcare system using Machine Learning, Deep Learning and image processing for disease prediction. Multivendor Ecommerce Web-Application  It was internship project build using MongoDB, Express, React, NodeJS (MERN)Full Stack EXTRACURRICULAR ACHIEVEMENTS Participated in smart India Hackathon in Vidyalankar Polytechnic for project and gained certificate Bus cleaning cycle System. Participated and won 3rd prize in inter-collegiate hackathon in Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering college for project AI powered virtual travel Assistance for personalized experience. CERTIFICATION Cisco Network Academy-Programming Essential in Python 1 & 2 Cisco Network Academy-Data Analytic Essential Cisco Network Academy- Introduction to Data Science Infosys- Database Fundamentals: Getting started with SQL Infosys-Ports,Protocols,&amp;the OSI Model Infosys-Networking Standards and Connection