DIPTI deeptitalan956@gmail.com 7818827296 Enthusiastic and driven graduate seeking an opportunity to kick-start a rewarding career. Equipped with a solid grasp of Object-Oriented Programming, Front-end technologies, Computer science fundamentals, acquired through rigorous coursework and hands-on projects. I am committed to embracing new challenges, learning from setbacks, and continuously evolving as a software engineer and to make meaningful contributions to the success of the team and the organization. Education Btech - Information technology, NOIDA INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING AND TECHNOLOGY 12th, NBF public school (percentage -72) 10th, pragyan public school (percentage-74) Skills Programming Languages: Java Tools/Platform: Git | GitHub Database management Projects 11/2021  [Expected Graduation: July 2025] Gr. Noida 2020  2021 jaipur 2018  2019 jewar Web Technologies: HTML | CSS | Tailwind CSS | JavaScript | React.js | Node.js Computer Network DSA Dev Detectives Developed a search engine-based web application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that retrieves and displays GitHub user account information, including repositories, followers, following, location, and social media links. Crypto Developed a React-based application for cryptocurrency management and analysis. The project was built using react and chakra UI, with a focus on performance optimization and efficient deployment. Leveraged npm scripts for development, testing, and production builds, ensuring a seamless developer experience. The app features a responsive UI and is optimized for fetch real time APIs. Certificates Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript Java Programming: Arrays, Lists, and Structured Data Object Oriented Programming in Java Databases and SL for Data Science with Python Professional Experience Web Development Intern at Bhart Intern: Completed a web development internship where I successfully completed three assigned tasks, gaining hands-on experience in building and optimizing web applications.