+91-7678380355|namansinghal1701@gmail.com|linkedin.com/in/Namansinghal017 Naman Singhal SUMMARY Dedicated and highly motivated student with a passion for technology and innovation. Proficient in various programming languages. Strong Desire to move forward, face new challenge and expand my skill set. Ability to work in a dynamic environment. Creative, dependable, flexible, hardworking person. EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur Bachelors in Technology, Computer Science Bal Bharti Public School AISSCE, CBSE Bal Bharti Public School AISSE, CBSE INTERNSHIPS Software Engineer at Typhone Inc. Aug 2021  Present Percentage  82% Aug 2019  Jul 2020 Percentage  84% Aug 2017  Jul 2018 Percentage  93% Jul 2023  Aug 2023  Worked on API using python, doing various industrial tasks and assignments.  Maintained detailed documents and created flow diagrams for the working of systems. Tools: Python, MS Word, MS Excel, draw.io PROJECTS Surview: Census Website using HTML and Java Script  Which captures citizens information like age, family members data to draw a continuous graph for analysis. Canine Crew: Android Studio and SQLite  Android application for pet caring and grooming connected with SQLite for backend storage of data. Fake Account Detection: Python and Machine Learning  Implemented Linear regression, SVM and K-nearest model on a data size of 10,000 to detect the authenticity of the Instagram account with an overall average accuracy of around 75% VOLUNTEER  Member of randomize which is the official CSE club of Manipal University Jaipur  Member of marketing team in Enactus Student chapter MUJ  Hackathons Enthusiast: Eagerly participated in hackathons, demonstrating creative problem-solving and teamwork. SKILLS Language: Python, Java basics, SQL,Azure Front End: HTML, CSS, Java Script CERTIFICATIONS Cisco: Switching, Routing and wireless Essentials Coursera: Ordered Data Structures Coursera: Object-Oriented Hierarchies in Java INTERESTS  Swimming  Video Games  Table Tennis  Coding