CHANDAN RAO Y E-Mail: chandan.idonneous07@gmail.com Contact No: 9886547034 Career Objective: Desire of working in dynamic and growth oriented working culture. Accepting challenges in management position to grow professionally by ensuring my best contribution with overall efficiency Education Qualification: B.COM VASAVI JANNA PEETHA EVE COLLEGE (UNCOMPLETED) PUC VASAVI JANNA PEETHA PU EVE COLLEGE SSLC ST FLOWER HIGH SCHOOL ORGANISATIONAL EXPERRIENCE: Currently I am currently working with Quess Corp Limited as a Sr. Process Executive, 1th June 2022 to till date. Worked in CPM INDIA Sales & Marketing Service PVT Ltd as an HR/MIS Executive June 2019 to March 2022. Worked with M Swipe PVT LTD in Bangalore as MIS Executive from June 2016 to October 2018. Hands on Experience at: 1. Joining Formalities and Settlement Process: Manage employee data base with all the details & collecting relevant documents of previous employment. Knowledge in drafting offer letters, appointment letters, confirmation letters, relieving letter and experience letters. Conducting Induction programs. Monitoring relieving procedures and settlement considering exit interview forms, No due certificates and the amount due from the employee. Coordinating for Medical checkup during joining time. Background verification of candidate documents. 2. HRMS Tools: Proficient with MS Office: Excel, Word, Outlook, & Power Point. Payroll Tools : Q Zone, Rader, AIMS, Harbour 3. Statutory Areas PF, UAN & ESIC IP Generation based on employment status PF, ESI and PT reconciliation, UAN KYC Dashboard preparation in regular basis. Compliance data preparing for audit purpose Bulk KYC update, Missing details update, Exit update, UAN generation in bulk  ER1, Bonus (Form C &D), Gratuity (Form L) workings and Return preparation. Payment of Wages, Minimum Wage and Maternity Acts. NFH preparation for PAN India. Minimum Wage Validation and Implementation same in payroll Attendance data and Overtime wages calculation & Salary sheet for Register ESI Card updating ( TIC) Bulk linking of IP generation and ESI card download based on requirement. PF transfer claims 4. Payroll Handled Pan India payroll count of 500 + employees Verify time & Leave Management for timely and ensure accurate processing of the Monthly Payroll according to the schedule, Processing payroll and designing CTC with break-up of Gross salary. Maintaining of Attendance Register. Preparing summary of new Joinees and resigned employees. Delivering  Pay-slips with all statutory deductions & preparing Summary of Pay-slips Including Leave calculations. Staff Advance salary Management. MIS reports. 5. General HR Areas: Conducting Employee Engagement. Coordinating with bank representative for Salary accounts. Knowledge in maintaining Bonus register and Bonus payment. Hands of preparing Experience letter, Absconding & Warning letter. Performance Appraisal. Exit Formalities (F&F) 6. Contact Labours: Maintaining Vendors documents & timely verifying of statutory complains. Verifying Off roll employees attendance & payroll. Personal Details Date of birth : 01/08/1991 : Gender Male Marital status Nationality Religion : Married : Indian : Hindu Contact No : 9886547034 Languages known : English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Marati Address : # 301 3rd Floor Malagala Nagarbhavi MoodalapanyaBangalore Pin code 560072 Declaration: I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true and authentic to the best my knowledge. Place: Bangalore Date: - Yours faithfully Chandan Rao Y