Khushi Rathi Software Engineer Mumbai, Maharashtra, India khushi.rathi2003@gmail.com  9768448844  GitHub  LinkedIn EDUCATION  Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology (2021-Present) Manipal University Jaipur - CGPA: 8.0 (no backlogs) Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering, DBMS, Computer Networks, Object Oriented Pro- gramming, Data Science, Operating Systems, Algorithms  Pace Junior Science College, Andheri HSC (Class XII) , Aggregate - 88.3%  Pawar Public School, Chandivali ICSE (Class X) , Aggregate - 91% SKILLS  Languages: C++, JavaScript, Python (2019 - 2021) (2019)  Web Development: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, PHP, Node.js, Express.js  API Development: RESTful API design, Node.js, Express.js, Mongoose  Database Management: MongoDB, Mongoose, MySQL  Machine Learning & AI: Keras, Neural Networks, NLP (Tokenization, Lemmatization), Bag of Words Model  Data Analysis: Data manipulation, Optimization, Performance tuning  Version Control: Git, GitHub  Libraries/ Frameworks: NLTK, Bootstrap, Express.js  Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Analytical Thinking, Communication, Teamwork, Leadership, Adaptibility, Time Management, Attention to Detail. PROJECTS  Book Recommendation Chatbot Github Developed a bookshop chatbot using Python, NLTK, and Keras, implementing natural language processing techniques like tokenization and lemmatization, and using a bag of words model to preprocess text data. Built and trained a neural network with 3 dense layers and 1 dropout layer, consisting of 128, 64, and 32 neurons respectively, achieving an accuracy of 92% using stochastic gradient descent (SGD) with Nesterov momentum. The chatbot effectively classifies 15 distinct user intents and responds within 1 second on average, enhancing the user experience with accurate and relevant recommendations  Moda: Appareal Ecommerce Website Github Engineered a robust, end-to-end e-commerce platform for clothing sales, leveraging Bootstrap to craft a visually stunning, responsive frontend that captivates users. Designed and integrated efficient backend systems using PHP, ensuring seamless interactions and fast load times, which significantly enhanced user engagement and boosted conversion rates.  Node Rest API Github Developed and optimized a RESTful API using Node.js, Express.js, and Mongoose, efficiently handling over 10,000 CRUD operations daily for enhanced data manipulation. Architected the API to support scalability, accommodating up to 100 concurrent requests with 99.9% uptime. Implemented robust error handling and optimized database queries, reducing response times by 30 EXPERIENCE  Data Analyst Intern - Riverdale Software Solutions 2024-Present Actively contributed to the development of an advanced email security platform. Involved an- alyzing large datasets to identify potential threats and vulnerabilities, developing algorithms to enhance threat detection, and collaborating with the team to implement robust security measures. Utilized tools like Python, SQL, and various data visualization techniques and provide actionable insights to improve the platforms effectiveness and ensure optimal performance.  Associate Product Manager - Rezonance India (Building) 2022-Present Led product strategy, operations, and marketing at Rezonance India, an ad-free, high-performance music streaming platform. Orchestrated successful achievements in lag-free streaming, initiated an upcoming affordable merch store, and directed diverse projects merging high-speed stream- ing with innovative platforms and games. Oversaw UX enhancements through product devel- opment, managed resources, budgets, logistics, and product roadmap. Strategized for marketing and sustainable growth, handling dependencies and pipelines for holistic product advancement. VOLUNTEERING  Marketing Lead - Google Developer Student Club, Manipal University Jaipur 2022-2023 Directed marketing for GDSC MUJ, organizing Google-led events and mentorships, leading a 6- member team to attract 2000+ participants.  Head of Operations - Randomize(); Manipal University Jaipur 2021-2023 Directed CS events, streamlined protocols, facilitated membership growth to 380 students, and conducted interviews, enhancing the college coding culture.  EUMInd Representative 2018 Represented school and country in a Netherlands student exchange program, hosting Dutch counterparts in India. CERTIFICATIONS  React Basics- Meta (Coursera)  Server side JavaScript with Node.js- NIIT (Coursera)  Single Page Web Applications with AngularJS- John Hopkins University (Coursera)  Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)-Red Hat Academy  Cybersecurity Essentials- Cisco Networking Academy  CCNAv7: Enterprise Networking, Security, and Automation - Cisco Networking Academy  CCNAv7: Introduction to Networks- Cisco Networking Academy  CCNAv7: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials- Cisco Networking Academy