Rohith Kumar Jupalle  RohithKumar | (cid:239) Rohithkumar | # rohithkumarjupalle@srmap.edu.in | H +91 9701884938 Summary I am a Computer Science Engineering student at SRM University with a passion for technology and problem-solving. I have a strong foundation in programming languages such as Python. I am enthusi- astic about contributing my skills to real-world projects. Eager to leverage my academic knowledge and practical experience to make a positive impact in the field of computer science Work Experience Member at NXT Lab Feb 2023 - Nov 2023 NXT Lab is a Technical club in SRM University. All its activities mostly look after by Students. To be a part in NXT Lab one should have extra skills rather than the skills that are taught at college and enthusiasm in learning and acquiring more knowledge. Projects Onshelf Availability using Object Detection This is a Machine Learning project with to tackle the problem of efficient use of retail shelfs. With help of Object detection we identify the vacancy in the shelf in real time, this information can be used for refilling the shelfs as per required, which indeed reduces regular manual checks. Campus Outpass System using IOT This is IOT project equipped with extra features added to the current existing Campus Outpass Mange- ment System. Key features include Notification Alert to guardians on In and Out timings, authorized outpass from parents etc. Youtube Video Downloader This is a Python program with user friendly GUI to download Youtube Videos easily. In this project I used Tkinter Library for building up the user friendly interface and Pytube Library for downloading the Youtube videos with some of the inbuilt functions in Pytube Library. Achievements Patent on Onshelf Availability using Object Detection Research project done in field of Machine Learning, using Computer vision and Object Detection, got National recognition and patented. Education 2021 - present Computer Science Engineering from SRM University 2021 2019 Intermediate Education from Andhra Pradesh State Board Secondary Education from Andhra Pradesh State Board (GPA: 8.5/10.0) (958/1000) (9.2/10.0) Skills Some Skills Data Structures, Algorithms, Python, C++, C,, HTML, Tailwind CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React, React router, Express, NodeJS ,SQLite, SQL, MongoDB, PowerBI Some More Skills Problem Solving, Communication, Leadership Qualities