Ritiesh Bhatia Delhi NCR, Ghaizabad, 201206 Contact +91 8306344301 # ritieshbhatia@gmail.com (cid:239) Linkedin  Github Education KIET Group Of Institutions Ghazibad(AKTU) B Tech Computer Science and Information Techknowlogy Experience Soach Global Android Developer June. 2021  June 2025 Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Freelance Feb 2024  Present  Conducted thorough research to improve problem solving and enhance user experience for the platform, resulting in a 20 % increase in user satisfaction scores.  Leading the android app development of the project by developing a flutter application. TBI Kiet Java and DBMS May 2023 - June 2023  Applied and implemented advanced Java, Java OOPs, and Java core concepts, enhancing my skills by 25%.  Led the implementation of Java knowledge in projects: SpringBoot auth API and hospital management system. Projects CODELABS | Node.js,Express.js, MongoDB,React | View project. January 2023  April 2023  Collaborated closely within a team of four to develop CODELABS, a programming visualization tool, enhancing problem solving and visualization capabilities by 50 %  Led the UI design and development for the Android application, ensuring an intuitive and visually appealing experience for users.  Won at Sprinthacks 1.0 Hackathon, which was held at KIET Group of Institutions. NEWS APP | Kotlin, MVVM Retrofit2 Dagger Hilt | View project. June 2023  July 2023  Developed and deployed a Kotlin News app using MVVM architecture, Retrofit 2 library for API calls, featuring a user friendly interface with concise headlines, summaries, and options for saving articles and receiving notifications for new ones.  Implemented Dagger Hilt for dependency injection, improving code modularity and maintainability. Managed app components efficiently, resulting in a 30 % reduction in codebase complexity. Farm Help | Flutter, Node.js, MongoDB | View project. Feb 2024  Present  Developed and deployed the Flutter app used DIO method for API calling, with api made in node js following the MVC pattern.  Streamlined and optimized application process by 40 % through dashboard implementation and achieved 100% user onboarding completion rate. Leadership and Volunteering Google Developer Student Club Android Co-ordinator, Core Member June 2023  Present  Organized and facilitated multiple boot camps, hackathons, community connect events, and speaker sessions, hosting industry experts who shared insights and experiences.  Mentored and guided newcomers, providing mentorship throughout the development process, and evaluated over 10 projects completed by junior team members. Technical Skills and Achivements Languages: Java, C++/C, Python, kotlin , Dart Developer Tools: VS Code, IntelliJ, Google Cloud Platform, Unity, Git bash, Android Studio Technologies/Frameworks: GitHub, Flutter, Native Android Achievements:Solana track runnner up Achievements:6 plus hackthon winner participated in 15 plus hackathons.