Yash Kumar Sharma LinkedIn:Yash Kumar Sharma Github: YASH052 Education  ABES Engineering College Bachelor of Technology - Computer science; CGPA: 8.0  Saraswati Vidya Mandir Senior-Secondary (12th) CBSE - Percentage:70  Saraswati Vidya Mandir High School (10th) CBSE - Percentage:70 Skills Summary  Languages:  Technologies:  Tools: Experience C/C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript(Basic),SQL React js, Express.js, Bootstrap, Nodejs, MongoDb Visual Studio Code, GitHub, Vercel, Postman Email: yashsharma21998@gmail.com Mobile: +91 9639095114 Ghaziabad, India July 2020 - June 2024 Khurja Bsr, India April 2019 - Mar 2020 Khurja Bsr, India April 2017 - Mar 2018  Wish A Brand Full Stack developer Intern March 2024 - Present  : Developing the Letzcreate from scratch using (MERN Stack and Bootstrap), serving as the backbone of the companys online presence.  : Employed CSS and Bootstrap for styling, maintaining consistency and aesthetics throughout the website.  : Implemented Redux for state management, optimizing data flow and improving Website performance. Projects  Letzcreate (Full Stack) MongoDB, Express, React.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, Reduxjs Source Present  : Build a responsive and dynamic user interface with React.js, creating back-end API with Express.js and Node.js, and store data in a NoSQL database with MongoDB.  : Implemented responsive and user-friendly frontend interfaces with React.js and Bootstrap, ensuring seamless navigation and optimal user experience.  E-Commerce Website(Full Stack) MongoDB, Express, React.js, Node.js, Bootstrap Source 2023  : Build a responsive and dynamic user interface with React.js, create a back-end API with Express.js and Node.js, and store data in a NoSQL database with MongoDB.  : Developed and implemented seamless payment integration using BrainTree PayPal API.  : Enabled users to place orders seamlessly while providing admins with tools to manage order statuses efficiently.  Portfolio App(Frontend) React, Bootstrap  : Developed a dynamic portfolio application using React.js and bootstrap.  : Implement theme switching based on system preferences or time of day for enhanced user convenience.  Restaurant App(Backend) MongoDB, Nodejs, Express.js Source 2023 Source 2023  : The restaurant backend, built with Node and Express.js, features user registration, login, and password recovery, Admins can manage food items, and users can view and order food.  : The system allows users to check their order status. The architecture ensures security and scalability, making it a reliable foundation for a restaurant application. Achievements  Achieved mastery of problem-solving techniques through daily practice on multiple online coding platforms like GFG, Hackerrank, Leetcode.  Achieved 5-star rating on Hackerrank, demonstrating proficiency in problem-solving and algorithmic thinking.  Achieved 5-star rating on Hackerrank, demonstrating proficiency in C++ programming language. Certifications  Udemy - Bootstrap Complete Guide for Frontend Web Development[2024].  Udemy - React-Js Complete Guide for Frontend Web Development[2022].  Udemy - Express-Js Complete Guide for Backend Web Development[2022].  Udemy - CSS and JavaScript crash course.  Hackerrank - SQL(Basic).