(cid:131) 8178474697 # jainmanvi1301@gmail.com (cid:239) www.linkedin.com/in/manvi-jain-6290a0223 Manvi Jain Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology DAV Public School Sreshtha Vihar Central Board of Secondary Education- Class XII DAV Public School Sreshtha Vihar Central Board of Secondary Education- Class X Experience 2021 - 2025 CGPA: 8.63 2021 Percentage: 94.4 2019 Percentage: 95 CELEBAL TECHNOLOGIES [REMOTE] May 2024  July 2024  Utilized advanced machine learning algorithms to develop a loan prediction model.  Consistently completed weekly data analytics and model evaluation tasks.  Gained hands-on experience with various data science tools and techniques, including data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model validation. INNOVATIVIEW INDIA Pvt Ltd, Noida May 2023  July 2023  A Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) automatically analyzed each video frame to identify key elements relevant to the behaviour being studied.  A Long Short-Term Memory Network (LSTM) processed the extracted features from the video sequence, capturing the order and relationships between them to identify complex behavioural patterns. Projects ProctorLess Python, OpenCV, TensorFlow, Keras, YoloV5, ReactJS, CSS  Developed an autonomous remote exam proctoring solution using Machine Learning and Deep Learning techniques  Built various AI Proctoring models which Included: Eye-Detection, Mouth open Detection, Malicious Object Detection, Plagiarism Checker, Headphones Detection and Speech Recognition Surveillance.  Built a demo website for the deployment of AI solutions. Comparative Analysis of Recommendation Techniques Python, TensorFlow, Keras, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib  Developed and implemented a popularity-based recommendation algorithm, achieving a precision of 0.528 and a recall of 0.201, which increased sales of trending items.  Suggest items and users based on similar user and item preferences through memory-based collaborative ltering and applied model-based collaborative ltering model for better eciency.  Combined Gradient Boosting Decision Trees (GBDT) and Logistic Regression (LR) to enhance user-item recommendations, eectively addressing cold start and data sparsity issues, achieving an RMSE of 0.914 and MAE of 0.781. PCOS Detection using Visible Features  Python, TensorFlow, Keras, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib  Successfully detected PCOS using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and ensemble learning techniques, achieving 82.22% accuracy with SVC, 93.2% accuracy with XGBoost, and 89.6% accuracy with Random Forest Classier (RFC), thereby improving overall accuracy and F1 score. Position Of Responsibility Member-Technical Team, ACM Member-Content Team, ACM Technical Skills November 2021 - June 2022 November 2021 - June 2022 Programming Languages/Tools: Python, C, Java, HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, Computer Vision, Pandas, NumPy, OpenCV, TensorFlow, Keras, Matplotlib, Seaborn Courses: NPTEL Design and Analysis of Algorithms, NPTEL Software Engineering, Cisco - Introduction to Cybersecurity, Coursera- AI for Everyone, Cisco - Cybersecurity Essentials, Microsoft- Learn AI Cloud Skills, Cisco - Programming Essentials in Python Non-Technical Skills: Conict Management Abilities, Teamwork and Collaboration, Public Speaking