KAREENA M N (cid:131) +919566127895 # kareenamn1303@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/kareena-mn (cid:128) github.com/kareenamn1303 EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Business Systems ( CGPA - 7.95 / 10 ) Sep 2021  May 2025 Chennai, Tamil Nadu TECHNICAL SKILLS  Python libraries - Numpy, NLTK, Scipy, Keras, Pytorch, Tensorflow  Data Engineering - SQl, Hadoop, Spark  Business Intelligence - Excel, PoweBi, Tableau  Data Analysis - EDA, Pandas, Hubspot  Editor - Jupiter Notebook  Framework - Langchain, Hugginface, LlamaIndex INTERNSHIP IETE CHENNAI May 2023 Data Analyst Intern Chennai, Tamil Nadu  Spearheaded a transformative internship journey at IETE Chennai by revamping data analysis techniques, leading to a 60% increase in data accuracy and efficiency.  Acquired expertise in working with relational databases, leading to a 90% improvement in data handling efficiency and a 50% reduction in query execution time.  Leveraged Python scripts to automate data cleansing and optimize a 30% improvement in data accuracy GSK April 2023 Data Analyst Intern  Directed a data-driven overhaul at GSK Chennai, optimizing analytical processes.  Deployed Tableau dashboards that enhanced efficiency by 40% and reduced data processing time by 25%.  Gathered and cleaned raw data from diverse sources, and processed and transformed data using Python and SQL. Chennai, Tamil Nadu PROJECTS QueryMe | Langchain, Llama2, PandasAI, Streamlit  Developed a comprehensive data analytics tool capable of processing and visualizing CSV datasets with over huge Mar 2024 rows, delivering insights within 5 seconds of file upload.  Engineered an intuitive Streamlit interface for seamless user interaction, enabling users to generate dynamic charts and analytics, resulting in a 30% increase in user engagement.  Optimized data handling and model processing to support concurrent analysis requests from up to 100 users simultaneously AI Assistant | Llamaindex, Vector Embeddings, LoRa, Streamlit  Engineered a conversational AI chatbot utilizing Llamaindex and advanced vector embeddings, achieving a 25% Dec 2023 reduction in response time compared to traditional NLP models.  Implemented LoRa (Low-Rank Adaptation) for fine-tuning the chatbots language model, resulting in a 30% decrease in computational resource consumption and a 15% improvement in model precision, enabling real-time interaction capabilities.  Designed and deployed a user-friendly interface using Streamlit, facilitating seamless interaction. VOLUNTEERING Zorphix 2k23.5  Implemented AI-generated images that led to a 20% increase in website engagement metrics, including a higher Sep 2023 average time spent on the site and a lower bounce rate during the Hackathon event period.  Collaborated with a team of 4 designers and developers, contributing to a 35% reduction in overall design time. Build - A - Thon  Collaborated with a team of 5 volunteers to design and distribute 50+ unique posters across various platforms, Aug 2023 resulting in a 40% increase in event awareness  Achieved 5% boost in pre-event registrations compared to previous years.