Md Amaan Khan New Delhi, India Bachelor of Technology Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida +91-7007944471 amaankhanak2001@gmail.com Github: Md Amaan Khan LinkedIn EdUCATIOn  Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering(Information Technology) 2025 CGPA: 7.60 Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida (AKTU Uttar Pradesh)  Kendriya Vidyalaya 39 GTC Cantt Varanasi PCM, CBSE, Varanasi ExPERIEncE  Front-end Developer Intern CodeClause 2020 Percentage: 80% Oct 2022 - Nov 2022 Remote Work Completed online courses in web development, focusing on technologies such as frontend and database. Developed multiple web projects using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to enhance user experience and interface design.  Web Developer ( Intern) CodSoft-Web Development Jul 2023 - Aug 2023 Remote Work Designed and developed responsive web pages using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and backend support to ensure a seamless user experience across different devices and browsers. Applied theoretical knowledge from my coursework in real-world projects, bridging the gap between academic learning and practical application. Gained hands-on experience with web development tools and frameworks, enhancing my technical skills. PERsonaL PROjECTs  DSW (Dean Student Welfare) Website for College Website Apr 2023 Created user-friendly interfaces using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, focusing on student resources like club details, upcoming events, event announcements and management, and feedback forms.  Improved website performance through code optimization, compatibility and fast loading times.  Worked closely with team members, participating in regular meetings and utilizing Git for version control to  manage and synchronize code changes efficiently.  Emotion behind the screen: Analyzing sentiment student review of online course Jul 2024 Developed and implemented a sentiment analysis model using keras, tensorflow, NLP to categorize student feedback from online courses into positive, negative, and neutral sentiments. Utilized natural language processing (NLP) techniques to extract emotional insights and identify key themes within the textdata. Designed data visualizations to effectively communicate findings and trends in student satisfaction, highlighting areas for improvement in course design and delivery. TEChnICAL SKILLs Developer Tools: GIT, Cloud, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Google Collab, Google AI Platform Programing: Java, Python, HTML, CSS, Java Script Cloud/Database: SQL, NoSQL, Snowflake Framework: VS Code, SQL Workbench, Tableau, Eclipse, Power BI, NumPy, Pandas, Keras, TensorFlow PosITIOns of REsPOnsIBILITy Management Co-Head, Geek for Geeks, NIET May 2023 - Apr 2024 * Leadership and Coordination: Led and coordinated a team of 20+ members to organize technical events, w orkshops, and coding competitions. * Event Management: Successfully planned and executed multiple technical events, including hackathons, coding contests, and guest lectures, attracting over 150 participants. AchIEvEmEnTs / CERTIFICATIOns * Software Engineering Virtual Experience with JPMorgan Chase & Co Jul 2023 * Data Analytics and Visualization Virtual Experience with Accenture Jul 2023