Gaurav Nikam Sangopan 60 feet road Malegaon, Maharashtra India 423203 (cid:131) +91 820-814-0007 # workwithgauravpn@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/gauravn1kam  GauravN1kam Education Government College of Engineering, Karad Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Mahatma Phule Jr. College Kukane XII, Higher Secondary Certificate Z. P. Kakani Vidyalaya, Malegon X, Secondary School Certificate Jan. 2021  May 2024 CGPA, 8.71 July. 2019  May 2020 MHT-CET, 96.31 July. 2017  May 2018 percentage, 93.00 Profiles  CodeChef Experience  CodeForces  Leetcode  Github Renishaw Metrology System Ltd. Software Engineer January 2024  Till date Pune, Maharashtra  Collaborated with the team of more than 10 members addressing to the UI/ UX requirements of Renishaw  Delivered products with built in localization, dynamic UI and UI automation  Build Desktop applications for high DPI screen incorporating the Model-View-ViewModel(MVVM) architecture  Utilized C# , .net and Windows Presentation Foundation to build various Desktop application for company products.  Built a Notification mechanism user interface for desktop applications using .net 6 and WPF, ItemsControl Persistent Systems Martian Summer Intern June 2023  August 2023 Remote, Certificate  Involved in a 7-week learning and self-development program designed by Persistent Systems.  Acquired a deep knowledge of Java ,OOPS, Linux, DSA database management system Projects Scoda: C++ Backend Framework | C++, Cmake  Code  Developed a C++ framework that allows user to build lightning fast backend applications using C++ .  The framework can handle large sums of data and is 30% faster than the nodejs backends (tested with payload of 1000 datapoints)  The framework uses BST for routing, strings for comparison and queues for event loops Docter Booking System | Nodejs, JavaScript, MongoDB, Docker  Code  Developed a scalable booking system backend using Node.js and Docker for containerization.  Implemented RESTful APIs for seamless communication between frontend and backend components.  Secured user authentication and authorization mechanisms using JWT tokens.  Utilized MongoDB or PostgreSQL for efficient data storage and management.  Ensured reliability and performance through robust error handling, logging, and thorough testing. Elective Subject Selection Project | Reactjs, Nodejs, Express, MongoDB, Redux, Google Cloud,Docker  Code  An Full stack Web application that allows students to choose elective subjects for their academic year.  First admin adds students for specific years and courses related to that year then students belonging to that year can select elective from their pool of available courses.  There are APIs for authentication, authorization,Adding Students, Admin and elective subjects and relational mapping between student course and year. Technical Skills Languages: Python, GO, C++, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, C# DataBases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostGres, SQL Developer Tools: VS Code, Eclipse, Google Cloud Platform, Docker,Linux, Entity Framework Technologies/Frameworks: Git, Reactjs, GitHub, Nodejs, Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Achievement  GCEKhackathon 2022 Gold Medalist  3 Star at Codechef Rating (1649)  GATE 2023 Qualified  Amazon ML Summer School 2022  Satara Zonal 2022 Chess General Championship Winner