Muhammad Sahil Arshad Mechanical Engineer | CAD designer  Mangalore, Karnataka, IN  +91 8660513833   muhammadsahil9155@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/muhammad-sahil-arshad SUMMARY Skilled Mechanical Engineer, with a specialization in automotive systems, certified CAD & AutoCAD professional. Hands on in quality control, and additive manufacturing. My experience includes serving as an apprentice for the role of maintenance engineer at Biocon, monitored and maintained mechanical equipment performance, conducted inspections and tests, and collaborated on projects to improve mechanical systems. Proven ability to analyze and troubleshoot complex mechanical issues, proactive problem solver with excellent communication skills. Highly flexible with an openness to travel and relocate, and a dedication to contributing to an organization's growth and success. Work experience Maintenance Engineer (Apprenticeship) 08-2023 02-2024 - BIOCON inspections, maintenance, and tests, ensuring compliance with regulatory Monitored and maintained mechanical equipment performance, ensuring efficient and safe operations in compliance with regulatory requirements. Assisted in quality assurance and control tasks, conducting inspections, tests, and implementing corrective actions to maintain high standards. Maintained accurate records of requirements. Actively participated in industry-specific training sessions and workshops, enhancing knowledge of bio-pharma equipment and processes. Complied with safety regulations and best practices, actively learning and following safety protocols and participating in safety drills. Identified hazards through regular inspections and recommended corrective actions, contributing to enhanced safety standards. Streamlined work order processes, resulting in faster response times and reduced backlog, improving overall efficiency. Reviewed technical documentation to complete equipment maintenance and repair, ensuring accuracy and adherence to specifications. Established maintenance schedules to ensure timely completion of tasks while minimizing disruptions to operations. Reported issues to the manager promptly, enabling effective resolutions to be implemented. Consistently adhered to strict regulations, detailed instructions, guidelines, and specifications, ensuring compliance and quality. Quality Engineer (Intern) Goaware Polynets 08-2022 09-2022 - As a Manufacturing Intern, I played an integral role in operations, contributing to the production, quality control of fishing nets and twines. I also participated in product development and supply chain management activities. This internship provided a comprehensive exposure to the manufacturing industry, offering a unique opportunity to apply and enhance my skills in a practical setting. Education Bachelor of Engineering (Mechanical Engineering) - 2019 2023 AJ institute of engineering and technology My Achievement: Performance and emission characteristics of single cylinder dual fuel engine using Diesel and Biogas. Summary: This project explores the performance and emission characteristics of a single-cylinder, dual fuel engine running on Diesel and Biogas. The objective of this study is to assess the feasibility and efficiency of this dual fuel approach, with a focus on its potential benefits and challenges in terms of power output, fuel efficiency, and emission levels. Tools used for testing: Engine Test Bed, Dynamometer, Fuel Flow Meter, Air Flow Meter and Exhaust Gas Analyzer. Data Analysis/Software: Automated data feed to using Microsoft Excel. CAD Software was used for engine design. Performance Result: The power output of the engine was observed to improve when operating in dual fuel mode compared to solely diesel. The peak power output was 10% higher in dual fuel mode. The fuel efficiency of the engine was also improved in dual fuel mode. The overall fuel consumption was reduced by around 15% compared to pure diesel operation. Emission Characteristics: The CO2 emissions were observed to be lower in dual fuel mode, with a reduction of about 20% compared to pure diesel operation. The NOx emissions were slightly higher in dual fuel mode compared to pure diesel operation, with an increase of around 10%. PM emissions were significantly reduced in dual fuel mode, with a reduction of around 30% compared to pure diesel operation. Certifications CATIA CADD CENTER, Mangalore - ID - CO240123Z617086 AutoCAD CADD CENTER, Mangalore - ID - CO240123Z617086 Skills Mechanical Knowledge CAD & AutoCAD Quality Control Additive Manufacturing Knowledge Problem-Solving Skills Communication Skills Teamwork Skills Creativity