Vidhi Garg vidhiv1221@gmail.com +91 9306296100 Hisar , Haryana https://www.linkedin.com/in/vidhi-garg-b9b026253 https://github.com/vidhii0 Education BTech hons. in Computer Science Engg., Manipal University Jaipur Specialization in Internet of Things and Intelligent System(Reg No : 219311154) High School Diploma, Rama krishna S Sch School 95% marks in 12th Boards Examination Projects 2021  present Jaipur, India 2018  2020 Fatehabad, India Driver Drowsiness Detection System, Python, Web development Combined OpenCV, Dlib, Pygame, imutils, and a dedicated website to detect and alert drivers in real-time when they display signs of drowsiness while driving. Smart Bin, Internet of Things Developed an arduino-based smart bin project integrating ultrasonic sensor, servo motor,Node MCU, and odor sensors to create an intelligent waste management system. Voice Recognition via Raspberry Pi and Bluetooth, Internet Of Things Led an IoT project focused on voice-controlled automation using raspberry Pi and Bluetooth technology to enable voice commands for appliance control. The tools used were Python speech recognition library and GPIO. Color Detector Device, Internet of Things Designed and developed a Color Detector Device using Arduino technology(C++ Programming) and a high-precision color sensor. Achieved accurate real-time color recognition for any object placed on the device's surface. Skills  Technical Skills Frontend Development, Python, Programming in C++, Data Structures and Algorithms, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, C.  Soft Skills Strong leadership, communication, and collaboration skills. Experience Cinefilia Working Team Cinefilia is the official acting and dramatic society club of Manipal University Jaipur. Worked as a working team under event management of the club Achievements Solved approximately 200 problems on CodeChef in C programming. Achieved the 51st international rank in Level 1 in English Olympiad and successfully cleared Level 2. Served as Head Girl of the High School for one year. Received the Best Student Award in High school. 11/2021  08/2022 Courses and Certifications Software Engineering: Modeling software system using UML, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology Introduction to Machine Learning, Duke University Introduction to Data Visualisation using Python and Seaborn, Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python), University of Michigan Participated in a three-day Web 3 Hackathon at the LNM Institute of Technology and created a project using Web 3 C for Everyone: Programming Fundamentals, University of California, Santa Cruz Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming with Java, LearnQuest