 Geetika10122002 | (cid:239) Geetik | # geetika101202@gmail.com | H +91-8144812717 Geetika S EDUCATION Chennai Institute Of Technology BE- Electronics And Communication Engineering (GPA: 8.6/10) Work Experience SCHENIDER ELECTRICS(Product testing intern) Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  During my intern at Schneider Electric, I had the invaluable opportunity to immerse myself in real-world applications of electrical engineering and gain hands-on experience in various facets of the industry.  At the Product Testing Liability Lab provided me with hands-on experience in a crucial aspect of ensuring product excellence and safety.  It reinforced the importance of meticulous testing procedures and effective collaboration in delivering products that meet the highest industry standards and consumer expectations.  Contributed to spot an error in the sector of finding number of defect products.  Implemented a new method of finding defect products in the line of manufacturing mcb(miniature circuit braker). Skills  Programming Languages: Java, SQL, Data Structures and Algorithm.  FrontEnd: HTML, CSS, Angular.  BackEnd: Node.JS, Express.JS.  DataBase: MySQL ,postgressSQL  DevOps: Git. Projects Flight ticket reservation  React: Developed responsive, user-friendly interfaces for flight reservation systems.  MySQL: Managed and optimized databases for efficient booking and customer data retrieval.  Node.js: Implemented robust server-side logic for seamless communication between client and server. GitHub Link: Flight ticket reservation.git Automatic Headlight Controller February 2023  Designed and implemented an innovative automatic headlight controller system to enhance driving safety and optimize March 2022 vehicle headlight intensity based on the conditions using the infrared transmitter and receiver.  Created algorithms to dynamically switch between high and low beam headlights based on oncoming traffic, reducing glare and improving visibility for both drivers during the night time to reduce the accidents,enchancing user satisfaction by 50%. GitHub Link: Automatic headlight dimmer.git Weather prediction November 2023  Developed a dynamic weather prediction website using Angular, integrating real-time data and custom forecasting algo- rithms to enhance user experience by responsice UI and accuracy in predictions, boosting engagement by 30%.  Forecasting: Implements predictive algorithms to deliver accurate short-term and long-term weather forecasts,reducing inquiries by 30%. GitHub Link: Weather Prediction.git Competitive Programming Profiles  LeetCode: Solved 300+ problems.  CodeChef : Secured 2 stars (Div 3) with contest rating 1556.  CodeForces: Secured max Contest rating of 1050.  CodingNinja: Secured 10+ badges and having weekly contest rating 1433. Achievements  Received 2 badges in DSA concepts on Coding Ninjas.  Intra-College SIH Hackathon  Top 10  Chennai Institute of Technology  Solved 1280+ problems with a streak of 100 days solving daily challenges on SkillRack. Certifications Programming in Java  NPTEL Python Beginner to Advanced  UDEMY CCNA1 and CCNA2 in Cybersecurity. RPA Citizen Developer Web Development  UDEMY . April 2024 December 2023 June 2024 March 2023 November 2023