Deeya Agarwal Under-Graduate Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University +91- 9457351612 deeyaagrarwal09@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/diya-agarwal-33b43b213 EDUCATIOn  Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University  Intermediate - PCM Vijaya International School SKILLs December 2020  Present CGPA: 8.03 April 2017 - March 2018 Percentage: 76.2 Technical Skills:- C++(Intermediate), Python(Basic), HTML, CSS, JavaScript, ReactJS, NodeJs, Bootstrap Tools: VS Code Soft Skills: Communication, Teamwork, Problem Solving, Leadership PROjECTs  PG Life  In PG Life is an online paying guest system, users can find several paying accommodations nearby the workplace or desired place. In this, user can get register to get a login id and password. With login id and password uses can get logged in.  After logging in,the user can post paying guest post by adding details and pictures of the place. He/She can also view the interested users in his/her uploaded post.After selecting the desired place, the user will get the personal details of the owner,he/she get in contact with the owner and go for further processing.  Event Labs  Event labs is a platform designed to help in management of events . In this system we will provide authentication for workers and event organizers . Platform recognises and give information about the workers that are available and in under 5km radius. They also communicate with each other directly through chatting room.Chatbot is there for users assistance  In our tech stack, MongoDB shines as the guardian of our datasets, while the dynamic trio of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript handles the front-end magic. Meanwhile, behind the scenes, our API plays the role of the silent hero, orchestrating the backend symphony with finesse and precision. TRAInIng  CodeSoft July 2023 - August 2023  Elevated my portfolio game by developing a sleek and dynamic website using the cutting-edge ReactJS framework.  Flexed my JavaScript skills to craft a powerful mathematical calculator, empowering users with precision and efficiency in calculations.  https://github.com/deeya02/codesoft/tree/main/calculator  Bharat Intern  Engineered a static Netflix Landing Page.  https://github.com/deeya02/netflixlandingpage AchIEvEMEnTs  Cyber Security -  Programming with Python -  Web Development -  Creators of Metaverse - August 2023 - Sept 2023 Paloalto and ICT Academy  2024 Udemy  2022 Internshala  2022 AICTE  2023