SANJEEV KUMAR +91 9166741289 | sv129899@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub EDUCATION Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College , India CGPA:7.48 BTech (Computer Science and Engineering), 2024 Courses: Data Structures(DSA), Operating Systems, Discrete Maths, DBMS, OOPS WORK EXPERIENCE  Web Developer Intern, Cod Soft| Noida, Uttar Pradesh MAY-JULY, 2023 - Collaborated HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to ensure a smooth user experience and increase 10% faster loading speed. - Troubleshooted and debugged issues, improving website performance by 20%. - Implemented new features, resulting in a 15% increase in user engagement. PROJECTS  GeoContent| Html, Tailwind CSS, Js, ReactJs, ViteJs (View Website) - Engineered a content-based system with result within 100 milliseconds . - Devised Web Page delivering details about space stations, technology, Galaxy for more than 10 stations. - Created UI providing faster rate than usual websites, achieving significant amount of 10 % increase in response time . - Utilized Git for version control, collaborating with a development team to efficiently manage and merge code changes.  Nathan Zoro Clone : Anime watching platform | HTML , CSS , Javascript , Reactjs, Vite js Tailwind Css (View Website) - Designed a user-friendly anime watching platform scalable for 1 million users. - Implemented Login, Signup, Create playlist, Watching Together like 10+ more features. - Established Vite JS for better performance and Tailwind Css for better design and reduce paper work by 75%. - Quickly adapting to the evolving anime landscape, exploring new releases, and staying informed about upcoming series and trends. -Led the implementation of Git version control, streamlining collaboration with a 10-member development team; facilitated efficient code management and merging, resulting in a 25% reduction in code conflicts and 40% faster deployment times. To Do List App| HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React JS (View Website) - Architected and developed a user-centric To-Do List web app with React.js, integrating smart task prioritization and automated notifications; boosted user engagement by 50% and decreased task completion time by 30%. - Conducted comprehensive testing using React Testing Library, ensuring application functionality and responsiveness. - Deployed the To-Do List app using platforms like Netlify, ensuring accessibility and availability to users.  NFT GATING WEBSITE| HTML,CSS,REACT, BlockChain -Blockchain technology has led us to emergence of NFT, unique digital assets that are secure as a digital creation. - Designed Frontend part of the website increasing the efficiency of website by 10%. - Research paper published in ICICC which showcase immense participation. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages: C/C++(Proficient),Java,Javascript  Full Stack Development : HTML, CSS, Javascript, Reactjs, NextJs,ViteJs, Nodejs, ExpressJs.  Database: Mysql,  Developer Tools: IntelliJ, VS Code, Git, Eclipse. HONORS AND AWARDS  Solved 800+ problems on Leetcode, Codechef and Hackerrank CERTIFICATION  Complete web development bootcamp (CERTIFICATE) ICICC PUBLISHED PAPER (CERTIFICATE) 