KANDI MANOHAR RAO  Manohar K | (cid:239) MANOHAR K | # k3manohar@gmail.com | H +91 7075390237 Education 2021 - 2025 SRM University - Andhra Pradesh, Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, Specialization: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning,( CGPA: 7.82/10), Expected Graduation Date: August, 2025 2019 - 2021 Narayana Junior College - Andhra Pradesh, Intermediate (MPC),( Marks: 934/1000) 2018 - 2019 Viswabharathi High School - Andhra Pradesh, (10th, CGPA: 9.3/10) About Me I attend SRM AP to study Computer Science and Engineering with an emphasis on Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Im trying to find a job with your company so I can work on developing high- quality goods and get some real-world experience. Projects Employee and Department Management System Github link  Developed a Full-Stack Employee Management System using Spring Boot (3+), Spring Security (6+), Spring Data JPA, JWT, React JS (18+), and MySQL. Reduced development time by 30  Configured backend with necessary dependencies, connected MySQL, and developed key packages (Employee JPA Entity, Repository, DTO, Mapper).  Created and tested secure CRUD REST APIs using JWT for authentication, leveraging Postman for validation.  Developed the frontend with React + Vite, integrated Bootstrap, and connected to the backend via Axios, using modern tools like IntelliJ IDEA, VS Code, and Maven. TitanicSurvivalClassification | python | Github link  Developed a machine learning model in Python to predict Titanic passenger survival.  Utilized classification algorithms for prediction, including data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model evaluation to achieve high accuracy. Fake news detection | python | Github link  Developed a Python-based machine learning model to detect fake news by analyzing textual features and patterns.  Employed natural language processing techniques and classification algorithms to achieve reliable detection accuracy. Technical Skills  Area of Interest: Machine Learning Engineer, Full Stack Developer with Java  Languages and Frameworks: Java, Python, Spring Boot, REST-API, ReactJS, MySQL  Tools and Technologies: Visual Studio, Eclipse,IDEA, Jupyter Notebook, MySQL, Postman Experience DATA SCIENCE INTERN | TEACHNOOK | Jul/22-Aug/22  Gained proficiency in Python programming, including libraries such as NumPy and Pandas for data manipulation and analysis.  Acquired skills in plotting libraries for effective data visualization and communication of insights.