Ayushika Singh RESUME SUMMARY Being a data enthusiast I have honed my skills in Python, SQL, R, Tableau, PowerBI with a strong proficiency in data visualisation and analysis. Throughout my academic journey, I've gained practical experience in tools like Apache Spark and have created impactful presentations that convey complex data insights clearly. I am also actively engaged in hackathons, particularly in fintech and Web3, where I collaborate with teams to design innovative solutions. PERSONAL DETAILS Current Location Greater Noida Date of Birth September 7, 2003 Female EDUCATION Graduation Course College Score B.Tech/B.E. ( Computers ) Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology, Greater Noida, Greater Noida 7.5% Schooling Class XII Class X Board Name CBSE Medium English Year of Passing Score 2021 83% CBSE English 2019 93% INTERNSHIPS Celebal Technologies | June 2024 - August 2024 - Designed and implemented a Python-based machine learning model for predictive analytics, analyzing 10,000+ data points to optimize customer segmentation, which improved targeting accuracy by 25% in marketing campaigns. GET IN TOUCH! Mobile: +91-8178687509 Email: ayushika793@gmail.com SKILLS - Python - Html - Sql - Java - R - Numpy - Pandas - Ms Excel - Power Bi - Data Anlalytics - Machine Learning - Data Analysis - Business Analysis - Data Visualization - Communication Skills LANGUAGES KNOWN Ipsos | July 2023 - September 2023 English ( Both ) Hindi ( Both ) French ( Read/Write ) CERTIFICATIONS - Data Analysis with Python - Python for Data science, AI and Development - Basic Data Descriptors, Statistical Distributions, and Application to Business Decisions - Conducted in-depth research and compiled reports on urban sanitation metrics by analyzing survey responses from 1,000+ households; insights directly contributed to the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs' policy recommendations for improvement. Spearheaded data collection and analysis for the SWACHH SURVEKSHAN 2023 Project, engaging with 500+ citizens to gather feedback on urban sanitation efforts; findings were utilized to refine municipal strategies and enhance public services PROJECTS Fantasy Football Modelling | May 2024 - June 2024 - Aggregated and prepped 6 years of NFL fantasy football projection data from 8 independent sources into MYSQL database, which improved winning streak by 78%. Built a random forest model in scikit-learn that combined disparate sources into one projection that outperformed the mean absolute error of the next best projection by 14%. AI Chatbot using NLP | April 2024 - June 2024 - Created an AI Chatbot using the Natural Language Processing library of the Machine Learning in Pythonframework to create a user friendly chatbot. Movie Recommendations System | January 2024 - March 2024 - Aggregated data from IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes, and used k -nearest-neighbors in scikit- learn to build an improved movie recommendation system. Build visualisations in Tableau to show how my ratingschanged and how the model performed over time. Song popularity predictor on the basis of ms | August 2023 - September 2023 - Developed an innovative AI-driven tool that predicts song popularity by analyzing duration in milliseconds; processed over 1,000 audio samples, empowering the marketing team to tailor promotional strategies effectively utilizing linear regression models based on duration in milliseconds, successfully analyzing 500+ songs and producing a visual graph that enhanced data-driven decision-making in music curation.