Orsu Lakshmi Durga  lakshmidurga | (cid:239) lakshmi-durga | # lakshmidurga.1135@gmail.com | H +91 7416317596 Summary I am looking for an internship in a reputable organisation to utilize my technical skills for the growth of the organisation as well as to enhance my knowledge about new and emerging technologies. Work Experience APSSDC Internship June 2023 - August 2023  Proficient in Django for web development, leveraging database management and incorporating Bootstrap 4 for responsive design.  Applied expertise in packages and modules to enhance code efficiency and modularity.  Demonstrated competence in navigating and manipulating databases, contributing to effective data management.  Acquired valuable skills in integrating Bootstrap 4 for creating modern and visually appealing user interfaces. Projects Glaucoma Detection Using Deep Learning Algorithms  This project focuses on glaucoma detection using a deep learning algorithm.  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) with residual blocks has shown promise in accurately identifying glaucoma based on retinal images.  The project aims to improve the detection and clinical judgment of glaucoma, potentially leading to better diagnosis and treatment. Click Here Click Here Student Report Management System  Designed and implemented a Student Report Management System in C++, emphasizing file handling techniques.  This system efficiently handles student details, enabling users to add, modify, delete, and display individual or all student records.  This project underscores my proficiency in C++ programming and practical data management solutions Loan Default Prediction  This project focuses on developing predictive models to identify the likelihood of loan defaults.  By leveraging machine learning techniques such as logistic regression and random forest, we aim to create robust and accurate tools for assessing credit risk.  This project aims to provide financial institutions with reliable models to improve decision-making and reduce financial risk. Click Here Education 2021 - 2025 BTech in computer science SRM Universty 2021 BIEAP 2019 Board of secondary education,AP (GPA: 7.71/10.0) (Score: 930/1000) (GPA: 10.0/10.0) Certifications Certificate of Participation, Introduction to Hackathon: Best Practices SRM AP Hackathon Club, SRM University, AP, Andhra Pradesh September 24, 2022 Certificate of Completion Salesforce Developer Virtual Internship,July 16,2024 Skills Python c++ Html,css,Mysql,Js Last updated: September 8, 2024