PARSHURAM SHARMA New Delhi, India sharmaparshuraam2004@gmail.com | +91 8744029685 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/parshu-ram-sharma-739aaa250/ Motivated and forward-thinking Web Development Intern with some experience in designing and coding websites. Proficient in languages such as HTML, Ss, and JavaScript. Eager to further enhance skills and contribute to innovative web development projects. Quick learner with a strong attention to detail and a passion for creating user-friendly online experiences. Effective communicator and team player, ready to collaborate with colleagues to achieve project goals. EDUCATION Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University B. Tech in Information Technology (CGPA: 8.7) PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Techno Hacks (Virtual) Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology (Web Development Intern) Gained hands-on experience in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Collaborated with team members to deliver high-quality solutions. Assisted in implementing responsive design principles for mobile compatibility. IPUInnovation and Incubation Centre (Marketing and Business Learning Enthusiast) New Delhi New Delhi Sept 2023- Oct 2023 New Delhi Jan 2023- Apr 2023 Successfully seized the opportunity among 20+ teams to present my project in Virtual Reality showcasing proactive initiative to influential audiences. Developed expertise in presentation design and delivery, gained experience in designing business promotion materials etc. Thrived in transformative learning, specializing in engaging pitches. Demonstrated approach in seeking and capitalizing opportunities. Guru Tegh Bahadur Innovation and Research Centre (Undergraduate Research Student) New Delhi Aug 2022 - May 2023 Played a key role in AR/VR consulting and research, contributing to center's mission. Contributed in learning about AR in EdTech, writing research papers, and visited research centers. Led a team in designing and developing VR physics Lab experiment, resulting in a 30% increase in student learning enthusiasm. Currently engaged in the publication of a journal related to the same research project. SKILLS Python |C| C++ | Java | MySQL|HTML|CSS | JavaScript | Tailwind | Redux | Scikit Learn | MongoDB | Express.js | Node.js | React.js | Azure AI Fundamentals CERTIFICATIONS Basics ofWeb Scrapping with Beautiful Soup for Beginners Web Development Bootcamp [Mern Stack] Online Assessment of Coca Cola Disrupt Season 3 Aug 2023 Jun 2023-Feb 2024 Aug 2023 PROJECTS Minor Project: - Tic Tac Toe: Designed a classic Tic Tac Toe game, providing users with an enjoyable and challenging gaming experience against Al or other players online. Razorpay Clone: Developed a Razorpay clone using HTML, Tailwind CSS, and JavaScript, replicating key payment gateway functionalities. Implemented responsive design and client-side validation. Password Generator: Created a customizable password generator web application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users can specify password length and character combinations, with a copy-to-clipboard feature for casy use. Blog app: Developed a full-stack blog application using the MERN(MongoDB, Express.js, Reactjs, Node.js) stack. Implemented CRUD operations for creating, reading, updating, and deleting blog posts. Integrated authentication and authorization features for user management.