YUVRAJ SINGH +91 - 9115684077 | yuvrajs.resources@gmail.com (cid:239) Yuvraj Singh |  Restricted-By-Heaven Chandigarh, Punjab - 160071, INDIA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Driven and adaptable backend development enthusiast with experience building scalable, high-performance applications using Java and Python. Skilled in optimizing databases and developing service management platforms, I thrive on solving complex technical challenges. Continuously staying updated through resources like Medium, TLDR, and The Kaizen, Im eager to apply my expertise in backend technologies and cloud infrastructure to deliver impactful solutions at Atomic Work. EXPERIENCE  Celebal Technologies June 2024 - August 2024 DevoOps Intern Remote  Developed a load balancer project using Azure Bastion, automating traffic distribution by diverting requests to a virtual server when load exceeded 80 percent, and reverting traffic after optimization.  Set up multiple virtual network routers and servers to manage and monitor system load effectively, ensuring seamless traffic management.  Upskilled in DevOps technologies through rigorous assignments, gaining hands-on experience with cloud infrastructure and network optimization. EDUCATION  Manipal University Jaipur B. Tech  GPA: 6.97 PROJECTS September 2021 - May 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Data Anomaly Detection using Machine Learning August 2023 - October 2023 [] Team Lead  Led a team to develop an anomaly detection system utilizing machine learning algorithms such as Isolation Forest and One-Class SVM.  Achieved model accuracy of over 95 percent, contributing to the enhancement of data integrity and decision-making processes for business applications.  Implemented and optimized various algorithms for efficient detection of irregularities in large datasets.  IoT-Based Distance Measurement System June 2023 Project Leader  Designed and implemented an IoT-based solution using Arduino, IDE, and ultrasonic sensors to measure object distance in real-time.  Led the project from ideation to completion, ensuring real-time data accuracy and system scalability for potential business applications.  Demonstrated the practical impact of IoT technology in real-world problem-solving by improving operational efficiency. SKILLS  Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, SQL, HTML/CSS, Java, Git/ GitHub  Emerging Technologies: Machine Learning, IoT, Cloud Computing, Data Anomaly Detection  Platform Expertise: Experience with tools like Arduino, and knowledge of Oracle, SAP, and AWS.  Data Analysis: Proficient in data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programming to solve real-life business challenges.  Project Management: Leading teams in executing technology-led solutions from ideation to implementation.  Technology Transformation: End-to-end project delivery with a focus on technologys impact on business.  Specialized Area: Prompt Engineering, Proficiency with different AI tools  Mathematical & Statistical Tools: Excel, MS office  Research Skills: Zotero, Mendeley ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Languages: English, Hindi, German(A1), Spanish(A1), Japanese (Beginner) Hobbies: Swimming, Basketball, Learning Languages, Travelling