Vansh Deshwal Roll No: 2101330130143 BTech IT Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology +91-9760270722 Email- vanshdeshwal9991@gmail.com LinkedIn GitHub Highly Diligent and Rational Software Engineer, with sharp Analytical thinking and Problem-Solving abilities. Flexible to new technologies and challenges. Seeking employment in my area of expertise. Strong command in C++, DSA, Node Js, React JS and OOPS. Adept at writing clean, reusable, and maintainable solutions. PROFILE SUMMARY Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology B Tech Information Technology Delhi Public School XII, Meerut Central Board of Secondary Education EDUCATION 2021-25 Percentage - 71 2021 Percentage - 72  Languages: Java, Python, JavaScript.  Frameworks/Library: React JS, Express JS, Node.JS, Bootstrap.  Tools: GitHub, VS code, Knime, Intellij Idea. SKILLS SUMMARY  Area of Interest Web Development, Data Structure and Algorithm (DSA), OOPs.  Soft Skills: Flexible, Co-operative, Team Player and Interpersonal skill. Personal Portfolio (Website) | LINK September 23- October 2023  Developed a fully responsive personal portfolio website to showcase my projects, skills, and experience as a front-end PROJECTS developed.  Implemented smooth scrolling and dynamic content loading using JavaScript to enhance user interaction.  Utilized CSS Flexbox and Grid to create a fluid layout that adapts seamlessly to different screen sizes and orientations.  Included a functional contact form with validation and integration with email services for seamless communication. ATM Simulator Application| LINK February 24- March 2024  Developed an ATM (Automated Teller Machine) simulator using Java to mimic the functionalities of a real-world ATM.  This project involved the implementation of various features such as account management, transaction processing, and user authentication, ensuring a comprehensive and user-friendly interface.  The application allows users to maintain and update their account balances, open and close accounts, and perform transactions like withdrawing and depositing money.  SNAKE MANIA(Game)| LINK April 2024-May 2024  Developed an interactive Snake Mania game using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, replicating the classic snake game with modern web technologies.  Our game delivers a seamless gaming experience right in your web browser, featuring responsive gameplay and a dynamic scoring system to keep players engaged. The game mechanics are finely tuned for an enjoyable experience, complemented by a user-friendly interface and captivating animations. Additionally, the responsive design ensures that the game adapts perfectly to various devices and screen sizes. Java with DSA(Apna College-Alpha Batch 3.0) | CERTIFICATE January 2023  Completed Java with DSA course gaining proficiency in Java programming, advance data structures, algorithm design, and problem-solving techniques. Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript (IBM) | CERTIFICATE November 2023 CERTIFICATES  Learned about the HTML, CSS and JavaScript Functions and build Projects. Introduction to NoSQL Databases (IBM) | CERTIFICATE  Learned about the uses of NoSQL Database. April 2023  Solving 150+ Problems on coding platforms like Leet Code, Coding Ninja, GFG.  Web Development- Certificate awarded by Coursera HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  Completed 6+ Coursera Certificates on Coursera. AWARDS/ACHIEVEMENTS.