Aryan Sardana Education Manipal University Jaipur BTech. Computer Science and Engineering  Specialization in IOT and Intelligent Systems  GPA:7.20/10 (6th Semester) Skills sardanaaryan14@gmail.com +91-9871918094 August 2021 - May 2025 Programming languages: Python, C++, C, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java Frameworks and Libraries: Scikit-Learn, TensorFLow, JQuery, Node.js, Express.js, EJS, Passport.js, Axios, Kafka Databases: MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience Defence Research & Development Organisation (DRDO) | Research Intern June 2024  August 2024  Researched on finding an optimal and accurate Model for implementing Network Intrusion Detection System using the USNW NB15 Dataset  Implemented Classifiers based on SVM, K-NN, Decision Tree, Random Forest, GradientBoost, ANN, CNN, LSTM and RNN (Scikit-Learn and TensorFlow)  Compared the Models on the basis of Accuracy, Precision, F1 Score, Recall and Time to Train  Achieved an accuracy of 95.11% with the Random Forest Classifier and 93.40% with ANN Bharti Airtel Limited | Software Engineering Intern May 2023  July 2023  Developed reactive APIs for Airtels Offer Engine serving 20M+ daily users, utilizing Spring Boot & Spring WebFlux.  Implemented unit tests for Campaign Manager Service using JUnit5 & Mockito, ensuring code quality  Migrated Campaign Manager Service from Caffeine Cache to Aerospike Cache, optimizing performance and scalability.  Built a reactive web service for online shopping with caching (Aerospike, Spring Reactive MongoDB, Spring Web) Mahindra Research Valley | Connected Cars Intern April 2022  June 2022  Designed and developed a voice-controlled in-car assistant using Python (SpeechRecognition, PyAudio, Pyttsx3, Geocoder, Geopy, GMaps).  Enabled hands-free Spotify music control and navigation, enhancing user experience and safety.  integrated Google Maps API for real-time location-based features like locating workshops and washrooms nearest to the car. Projects Spotify Music Discord Bot  Developed a Discord bot using Node.js, integrating Spotifys Web API with Discord.js for seamless interaction. Implemented backend features such as playlist management, song requests, and real-time playback control, ensuring efficient communication between Spotify and Discord servers. Cloud File Storage App  Built an online file storage app using Node.js, Express, and MongoDB GridFS. Developed features for file upload, download, sharing, and user authentication with OAuth. Designed REST APIs for managing files and folders, including renaming and deletion. Driver Drowsiness Detection with SMS alerts  Designed and implemented a robust Driver Drowsiness Detection System using Python, leveraging the DLib Library for 68 facial landmark recognition through Deep Learning techniques. The system calculates the Eye Aspect Ratio (EAR) to predict levels of driver drowsiness and proactively send alerts to the vehicle owner using the Twilio SMS API. Co-curricular Activities Estrella : MUJ Astronomy Club | Joint General Secretary  Lead the team in planning Starry Night Event and prepared the questionnaire for Treasure Hunt Aug 2023 Techideate23 | Core Committee Member  Helped in planning technical events like Hackathon and Robowars for Manipal University Jaipurs Technical Fest. March 2023