SANJAY SHETTY Software Developer Dedicated and skilled JavaScript developer with 2+ years of professional experience (2yrs in frontend development using React.js, and 8 months of experience in backend development with Node.js) and alongside 5 years as a Tekla software detailer, overall of 7 years of experience. I am dedicated to continually improving my technical skills while striving for the success of the company and personal growth in my career. I have completed comprehensive training in DevOps, equipping me with a solid understanding of their principles and functionalities. While I haven't yet applied this knowledge in practical projects, I am eager to leverage my skills to contribute effectively in relevant environments. WORK EXPERIENCE Snipe Tech Pvt Limited Nov 2023 - to Till [Present] CONTACTS +91-8747087847 sanjay.shetty.mys@gmail.com Software Developer sanjayportfolio Mysore, Karnataka, India sanjay shetty EDUCATION Bachelor of Engineering Vidya Vikas Institue of Engineering and Technology, (VTU) Mysore, Karnataka, India SKILLS FRONTEND HTML5 & CSS3 JavaScript React.js Redux Material UI/ Bootstrap BACKEND MySQL Node.js DevOPS Jenkins AWS Git & GitHub Docker Kubernetes TECHNICAL TOOLKIT Visual Studio Postman GIT LANGUAGES English (Fluent) Kannada, Tamil & Hindi As a Software developer, I blend React, JavaScript & Node to create robust web applications. Utilizing React, I design dynamic user interfaces with modern features, With pro efficient in Node we developed both frontend and backend components, managing. My skills also include optimizing application performance. I deliver high-quality solutions meeting projects needs and exceeding client expectations. sanria engineering and consulting pvt ltd. Frontend Developer and Tekla Modeler Feb 2022 - Oct 2023 Started as a software engineer at the firm and underwent training React Js & JavaScript. As a front-end developer and along with Tekla modeler, I excel in React.js and JavaScript for crafting interactive user interfaces and single-page applications. Leveraging components, state management, and modern ES6+ features, I create dynamic and reusable UI components to enhance code readability. My expertise extends to React Router and Redux for client-side routing, global state management, and scalability. I deliver high-quality software solutions in React, JS, and frontend development. Greenbrook Engineering services Pvt ltd. Tekla Modeler & Tekla API developer Dec 2020 - July 2021 I have learnt C# for tekla software to betterment of project to reduce errors and make project flow smoothly. I was developing custom API and template within tekla sturctures software. These custoon tools streamlined modeling processes, I created 3D modeling processes, improving efficiency and accuracy. improving efficiency and accuracy. DGS Technical Services Pvt Ltd Apr 2017 - Dec 2020 Tekla Modeler I created detailed 3D models of various structural elements using Tekla structures software. This involved generating fabrication drawings, material lists and shop drawing to meet project requirements. Collaborating with cross-functional teams, BIM coordination, contributing to seamless project execution. PROJECTS Unlimited Power Learning (UPL) The platform is an online learning platform that offers an array of courses, guiding candidates who are restarting their careers .This platform serves as a comprehensive resource for individuals seeking tore-enter or redirect their professional paths. Module worked contributing to the development of both front-end and back-end functionalities. Validations For All Forms, Online class ,about page, enroll now page, coding bootcamp and Nodemailer and UI Integrations and Bug Fixings, Fixings errors. PORTFOLIO Please take a look at my portfolio using the link provided below. https://portfoliosanjay.vercel.app/ Responsibility Designed user-friendly software interfaces to simplify overall management. Monitored browser compatibility issues while coding layouts using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery along with other frameworks like Bootstrap or Material UI when creating react apps. Integrated third-party libraries into existing React applications. Created custom components, forms, and interfaces for user interactions in React. Used the JSON as the temporary database to work on crude operation and also MYSQL Database. Debugged and resolved issues related to React components. Created re-usable component ,buttons to increase the performance of application Worked on CRUD operations and functionality of the service using the knowledge of programing languages. Worked on both static and dynamic website. Created custom APIs for seamless communication between frontend and backend systems, ensuring efficient data transfer. Version control -Bit-bucket ,GitHub Used Git for defect tracking. Unlimited Power Learning (UPL) Research Center The platform is an online learning platform that offers an array of courses, guiding candidates who are restarting their careers .This platform serves as a comprehensive resource for individuals seeking tore-enter or redirect their professional paths. Module worked Contributing to the development in front-end. Worked in Research Areas & Publications. Responsibility Using the knowledge of web technologies HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap5 to build the structure and styling to achieve the required outcome Building the website with react. Worked on both static and dynamic website. VIRTUELE The platform is to bring down the reusable BIM data creation time by at least 50% through VIRTUELE design automation tools and eliminate your frustration during construction. Module worked Contributing to the development in front-end. RFI preparation page, Request a demo form page along with Validations and company about page. Responsibility Designed user-friendly software interfaces to simplify overall management. Monitored browser compatibility issues while coding layouts using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and jQuery along with other frameworks like Bootstrap when creating react apps. Integrated third-party libraries into existing React applications. Created custom components, forms, and interfaces for user interactions in React. Used the JSON as the temporary database to work on crude operation and also MYSQL Database. Created re-usable component application Worked on CRUD operations and functionality of the service using the knowledge of programing languages. Worked on both static and dynamic website. Developed React applications using Redux state management and REST APIs. increase the performance of ,buttons to