Amit Vishwakarma Satna, MP (cid:131) +91-7580946569 # amit200698@gmail.com (cid:239) LinkedIn  Github Profile Summary Innovative full-stack developer skilled in React, Node.js, and database management. Eager to leverage expertise in MERN stack and API integration to build scalable web applications. Seeking to contribute to a dynamic tech team. Experience Zidio development MERN developer(Intern) May 2024  present Mumbai, Maharastra  Working on project where my role is to work on back end  Gained hands-on experience with MongoDB, Express.js, React, and Node.js (MERN stack) for full-stack web development.  Developed and maintained backend services using Node.js and Express.js.  Implemented and managed RESTful APIs to handle event-driven architectures. Coding Ninja Teaching Assistance(Intern) March 2024  June 2024 Gurgaon, Haryana  Addressing the students queries, I am working with a tech stack that includes Node.js, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Bootstrap.  Debugging the codes and Helping students in their assignments various projects. Teleperformance Quality Analyst March 2020  March 2023 Indore, MP  Led a team of 20 employees and also work in Ms-Excel, Managed customer interactions, provided feedback.  Handled client interactions with a focus on effective communication and professionalism Projects Resunova App | React,Mongodb,Nodejs,Bootsrap, Express | GitHub  Developed for create resume and also download the resume in pdf form.  Integrated bcrypt for encrypt the password of the user and also used passport, passport-jwt and jsonwebtoken for user authentication.  Contributed to the creation of a user-friendly interface and ensured a smooth user experience throughout resume generation process E-commerce | React, React-Redux, Redux-tookit Firebase, Bootstrap | GitHub live  Built a Front end e-commerce application using redux toolkit and firebase, It offers an intuitive interface for sort product, edit and delete the product  Project Management: Provides an organized overview of projects with timestamps, their issues, enabling seamless CRUD operations - Create, Read, Update, and Delete.  Implemented a comprehensive product management module, allowing users to navigate through product details. E Learning API | NodeJs, Express, postman, Postgres, Claude AI | GitHub live  Developed an E-learning API with distinct user and admin sections, incorporating comprehensive CRUD operations.  Integrated Claude AI for an interactive query system, where users can ask questions and receive AI-generated solutions in real-time and Utilized Passport-JWT (JSON Web Token) for secure authentication processes for user and admin.  Implemented a robust email notification system using an SMTP server for various triggers such as user registration, course enrollment, and password reset token generation. Technical Skills Languages: Python, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, SQL(mysql, postgress), Nosql Developer Tools: VS Code, MongoDB, Postman, Git, github, Firebase, neon-tech, swagger, Bootstrap Technologies/Frameworks: NodeJs, ExpressJs, Mongodb, APIs, React, Redux, Redux-toolkit, EJS, BootStrap, MVC, AWS,Docker, Jenkins Education Shri Ram Institute of Science And Technology Bachelor of engineering(ECE) Trainings Coding Ninjas Full Stack Web Development  Backend | Frontend | python | Data Structure 2015  2019 CGPA: 6.7 July 2022  June 2023