Arfa MEHTAB Dedicated to work in a Reputed Company with a Professional work Environment where I can utilize and apply my knowledge, skills which would enable me to grow with fulfilling organization goals and also expand my learning . Contact +919108443348 arfamehtab1@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/arfa- mehtab- a044a8104 11thcross, 3rd Main Road, HBR Layout Bangalore, Karnataka- 560045 SKILLS People Management Training and development Performance improvement HR Operation Organization Skill Team Player Recruitment and selection Decision making Leadership skills Time Management Well Organized Positive Attitude Coordinating and flexible Maximum Attention to Details Listener Good Learner Workforce improvement Languages ENGLISH HINDI KANNADA URDU MBA with an Academic Score of 71% in the dual specialization of HR and Finance. I have practical experience has an HR EDUCATION MASTER OF BUSINSS ADMINSTRATION- [2017-2019] I completed my Masters in Maharani Womens College from Bangalore University. BACHELOR OF COMMERCE [2013-2016] I did my Degree in Don-Bosco Institute of Bio-Science & Management Studies from Bangalore University COMPUTER SCIENCE, ECONOMICS, BUSINESS STUDIESAND ACCOUNTANCY [2011-2013 ] I accomplished my PUC in Sheshadripuram Independent PU College SECONDARY SCHOOL LEAVING CERTIFICATE [2011-2012] I have completed SSLC in Shree Ram International School WORK EXPERIENCE Star Air (Airlines) HR Executive April-2023-till now  Talent a Acquisition - Hiring new talent as per the companys requirements manage the end to end executive recruitment process, including candidates screening, interviewing and assessment, to identify the most qualified individuals.  Security, Commercial, IT , Camo departments for concerned stations  Walk-in, Internal hiring, Career page, linked-in(Talent Acquisition)  On boarding , Employees concern exit formalities  Schedule and confirm interviews with candidates.  Maintains personnel files for assigned location ensuring timely and accurate processing and filling of forms.  Maintaining Employee Performance Management and appraisals HR Associate July-21 to April-23 Edyugam tuition Technologies Pvt ltd -teensclaz  Talent acquisition Sourcing and recruit candidates by using databases different Job Portals etc.  Welcoming new employee, explaining about work culture in brief and fulfilling joining formalities.  Orientation and Induction sessions for new joiners.  Coordination with managers of new employees, process probationary process and evaluations.  Working on HR Policies, Designing and Implementing the Policies.  Built human resource organization and aligned people and culture with corporate strategic priorities and operations.  Responsible for complete exit formalities and full and final settlement process.  Employee Engagement  MIS management increment, promotions etc. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Organizing Employee Engagement Sessions on timely basis and managing staff wellness initiatives Microsoft Excel. Microsoft Word.  Resolve complex employee relations issues and address Microsoft Power Point. grievances Lookups  Support the management of disciplinary and grievance Pivot table in excel issues. Maintenance of all kinds of database as well as human resource information (Induction, Resignation, Database using Google Application Appraisal etc. Process employees' queries and respond in a timely manner AREAS OF INTEREST  Traveling  Carom  Social Media  Singing  Browsing HR Assistant SKF-INDIA LTD COMPANY Oct-21 to July-22  Looking after entire Recruitment cycle  Joining, induction and orientation formalities  Payroll processing  Training and Development  Employee Engagement  Grievance handling  Data Analysis HR Intern 2019 ALLSEC TECHNOLOGIES (2Months)  Screening Resumes and application form.  Schedule and confirm interviews with candidates.  Maintains personnel files for assigned location ensuring timely and accurate processing and filling of forms.  Processes various forms such as performance appraisals benefit forms, unemployment claims, and other confidential forms and records.  Organizes and coordinates new employee orientation, ensuring that all presenters NEEM HR 22 July- PROJECT DETAILS (MAJOR) Role of Whistle Blowing in The Reduction of Corrupt Practice. Dec2018 SKF-BEARING MANUFATURING COMPANY  Looking after entire NEEM Recruitment cycle  Joining, induction and orientation formalities  Payroll processing  Training and Development  Employee Engagement  Grievance handling  Data Analysis HR Recruiter Sep-21 CALTIZON Pvt Ltd  Shortlisting the candidates by taking TelephonicInterview in the Phone Initially.  Scheduling Interview for shortlisted candidates.  Taking Interview for BPO Jobs.  Selecting, recruiting the new employee to the Firm.  Managing and Retaining Relationships with the Clients.  This project aims to investigate the financial implications of corruption in the organization.  To examine the leading case of whistle blowing in India.  Whistle blowers commonly face retaliation in the form of harassments, firing, black listing, threats and even physical violence and their disclosure are routinely ignored.  Whistle blowers commonly face retaliation in the form of harassments, firing, black listing, threats and even physical violence and their disclosure are routinely ignored.  To enhance or to motive the whistle-blowing is not a crime some remuneration also been taken places in organization by this transparency the other who have thought of any wrong- doing have been abolished  Most of the people in the organization if they had felt they have some problems in organization hesitate to disclose in the organization and 67% have been agreed for this questionnaire.  The reason is different for not to disclosure of wrong-doing and 37% of respondents opted for perceived risk for not to disclose by this the corruption are not going to be reduced MINI PROJECT EFECTIVNESS OF EMPLOYEE HIRINGPRACTICES ON FIRM PERFORMANCE  This project aims to investigate and detail the effectiveness of employees while hiring practices job seekers.  The conflict between top management and employees level  An employee feeling a lack of recognition for hardwork.  Match with the Requirements of hiring candidates.