Nandini Sinha +91 8369801693 | mailto:nandinisinha.edu@gmail.com| LinkedIn|GitHub | CodeChef ABOUT I am Nandini Sinha, pursuing a Bachelor's in Computer Science Engineering at Manipal University Jaipur. My fascination with creatively designed websites sparked a profound curiosity, leading me to explore the intricate world of coding, web development, and research work. Through countless YouTube videos and insightful blogs, I have been on a journey of self- discovery, shaping my vision for the future. I find joy in delving into research projects, allowing me to explore the frontiers of technology. Additionally, my talent for content writing has become an asset, allowing me to communicate complex concepts with clarity and creativity. I am eagerly awaiting new experiences and opportunities to enhance my skills. EDUCATION Manipal University, Jaipur Bachelor of Technology, Computer Science Engineering PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Content Writer Freelancing  Worked for a startup to engage customers through LinkedIn by writing posts accordingly. HAL (Hindustan Aeronautics Limited) Project Work (Student) Rajasthan, India August 2021-2025 Nov 2022 Feb 2023 Jaipur, Rajasthan Jun 2024 Aug 2024 Bengaluru, Karnataka  Working in the MCSRDC (Mission and Combat System Research & Development Center) division.  I work in the SPAG department which develops, designs, and tests the software.  Currently working around SAR Navigation. PROJECTS  Intrusion Detection System using Machine Learning  The project included the mechanism of IDS using machine learning and its functioning with the application of Random Forest  Completed the paper with a boxplot as the conclusion. Seaborn library is used here to print a boxplot (it shows a graphical representation of the data distributed in the following, the median, quartiles, and potential outliers in the dataset) for the numeric column.  NAARI (Website)  The main aim of the website is to help women in need so they can raise their voices against any violence against them.  The website has a column where they can post blogs, share their personal experiences, and form a small community among themselves through the website. It encourages women to speak up. - Attendance Management System Website for Students  Developing an innovative Attendance Management System Website enabling professors to streamline attendance tracking through face recognition technology. The system facilitates efficient and secure attendance marking for students, enhancing overall classroom management POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY AND LEADERSHIP Head of Content Randomize, Manipal University, Jaipur August 2020-2022  Leading a division of core team, working team, and managing teams with at least 50 members in each team.  Conducting several successful events  Handling its Instagram page, captions, and content. SKILLS  Languages: C, C++, HTML, CSS, REACT, Node.js, Microsoft Word, Excel  Other Skills: Creative Writing, Research Writing, Documentation  Soft Skills: Communication, Analytical, and Problem-solving, Teamwork, Leadership, Drive and initiative, Quick learning, Work ethic, Good listener RELEVANT CERTIFICATIONS  NPTEL- Design and Analysis of Algorithm  Coursera  Cryptography and Information Theory  Cisco  Computer Networks Theory & Computer Networks Lab  Oracle Academy  Database Foundations  Coursera  Java Programming for Complete Beginners  IBM  Getting Started with Enterprise-grade AI  Red Hat  Red Hat System Administration