91 9315383849 | cksharmav@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/shrey26sharma/ | Shrey Sharma Education Aadharshila Vidyapeeth X CBSE - 80% Prabhu Dayal Public School XII CBSE - 70% Manipal University Jaipur CGPA - 6.87 Experience Machine Learning Intern SoftAge Information Technology limited Delhi April. 2017  May 2018 Delhi May. 2019  March 2020 Jaipur November 2021  Present June 2024  August 2024 Gurugram, Haryana  Stipend - Rs.18,000  Gained hands-on experience in fine-tuning large language models (LLMs), with a particular focus on LLaMA.  Assisted in the development and optimization of LLMs for various NLP tasks.  Collaborated with the team to implement and test different fine-tuning strategies to improve model performance.  Worked with datasets and tools for efficient model training and evaluation. Projects  Smart Farming using DL and IoT | Python, Arduino, SQL  Implemented a deep learning model to analyze data from IoT sensors placed in agricultural fields. Developed a sophisticated irrigation scheduling system using IoT technology and soil moisture sensors, and applied Artificial Neural Networks (ANN).  RFID based Inventory Detection System | Python, Arduino  Designed a system to scan inventory items using RFID and a camera, storing data in a sequential database. The system identified items by their unique serial ID, using a high-resolution camera to scan QR codes, and linked items to student ID cards via RFID.  Facial emotion recognition | Python  The amalgamation of computer vision, natural language processing, and pattern recognition techniques will be employed to decipher the intricate nuances of human emotions(facial landma, paving the way for applications that can adapt and respond contextually to the emotional states of users. Both linear models such as KNN and non linear models like MLP and CNN are used. To improve performance dropout, number of dense layers and activation functions, VGG is used. Technical Skills  Python, SQL (Postgres), Java  Machine Learning, NLP  Arduino  HTML/CSS Courses and Certifications Database Foundations, Oracle Academy Beginner Cloud Computing training