Utkarsh Shukla (cid:131) +91-9453995252 # vdnuti@gmail.com # utkarsh.2125csit1092@kiet.edu  theutkarshshukla (cid:239) theutkarshshukla Education KIET Group of Institutions, Ghaziabad B.tech Computer Science and Information Technology Anil Saraswati Vidya Mandir Board of Secondary Education, UP Experience October 2021 - Present CGPA/Percentage: 8.11 April 2019 CGPA/Percentage: 89 Edunet Foundation Internship Intern, Data Analyst  Concluded a AICTE approved stimulating 6-week internship, specializing in Data Analytics with an emphasis on February 2024 - April 2024 Power BI, to provide comprehensive insights into Unicorn Businesses.  Created a dynamic dashboard that synthesizes complex datasets into easily digestible visualizations. With over 40,000+ data points meticulously analyzed,a strategic visualization, featuring an array of 11+ dashboard visuals. Projects Kumbh Mela App (2024) February 2023 - March 2023  A cross-platform mobile application using Unity Engine to facilitate real-time location tracking and reunification of lost individuals during the high-density Kumbh Mela festival.  Leveraged Googles Fused Location Provider API (FLPA) to deliver highly accurate, real-time location data for both lost individuals and search parties with a accuracy of within 2 meters.  Integrated the A* path finding algorithm to optimize search routes within the densely populated festival grounds, minimizing search times by a factor of 10x . +1 Dimension Apr 2023 - Mar 2023  Engineered 3D animated avatars, enable users to navigate through virtual reality for immersive property explo- ration.  Designed and implemented C# scripts to enable seamless movement and interaction of avatars within the VR environment & 3d Gamified View , enhancing user control and immersion.  Contributed to the development of a mobile application utilizing marker-based AR technology, allowing users to visualize 3D animated buildings overlaid onto real-world locations for enhanced property understanding. Employee Management System April 2023 - May 2023  Engineered a cutting-edge GUI to seamlessly manage employee data in a MySQL database, handling over 100+records with precision and efficiency  Implemented functionality for editing, deleting, and adding employee details, alongside advanced search options. Certifications & Achievements Certified completion of Java Essentials course, showcasing proficiency in core Java modules via Cisco Academy Secured victory in the Kumbh Mela Hackathon by IIIT Allahabad, triumphing at the prestigious Innotech22 annual Technical Fest and Innohacks23. Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C#, C++, MySQL Developer Tools: Power BI, Unity Engine, Blender 3D, Firebase Positions of Responsibility Google Developers Student Club & Technocrats KIET, College Technical Club Founding Member,Domain Lead & AR/VR Development  Leveraged my AR/VR development expertise to contribute to various club projects. Spearheaded 7+ projects,fostering July 2022 - Present a thriving developer community through collaborative ideation  Led the construction of innovative solutions through collaborative efforts. Upskilled and Mentored fellow 40+ developers by actively participating in and leading knowledge-sharing sessions. Facilitated and Mentored July 2022 - Present  Lead and facilitated hands-on learning experiences in 3+ immersive AR/VR development bootcamps.  Equipped over 100+ aspiring developers to delve into the world of AR/VR development. Music Head | KIET Music Club April 2022 - Present  Lead and won in 10+ inter-institute musical competitions to perform and showcase musical skills.