Athulya Kairali athulyakairali@gmail.com | +91 9840092758| linkedin.com/in/athulya-kairali-5034 | github.com/Athulyakairali Education Chennai Institute Of Technology Chennai | Sep 2021  May 2025 B.Tech - Computer Science and Business Systems CGPA: 8.67 Experience Asokumar Enterprises | UI/UX Intern Chennai | May 2023 - July 2023  Created the whole user interface and user experience for the company's inventory management system from scratch.  Developed a clean and modern visual design that aligned with the companys branding. Aivirex Innovations | Graphic Design Intern Chennai | Aug 2022  Nov 2022  Conceptualized various visuals based on the requirements of different clients that are put forth through the engaging user interface.  Used design tools like Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop to develop high-quality graphics, icons, and other visual elements. Skills Programming Languages: Python, Java, C, Typescript Frontend: React, HTML, Angular, Bootstrap CSS Tools / Platforms: Github, Vscode, Adobe Photoshop, Databases: Mysql, Postgresql, Firebase Jupyter Notebook, Figma, PowerBI, Sketch Backend: Node.js, Springboot,Express.js Hosting: AWSEC2, Vercel,AWS S3 Containerization: Docker Projects LanceX (github.com/Athulyakairali/LanceX ) React.js,TailwindCSS,Firebase,  Created a student-focused frontend freelance site inspired by Upwork which facilitates project-based learning for students with responsive and intuitive UI.  Enhanced the site with features like client conversations, project ratings, and reviews. WeChat (https://github.com/Athulyakairali/WeChat) React.js, Typescript, Socket.IO  Video calling app that enables a seamless video calling experience for users.  Utilized lower latency for a smooth end-to-end video-calling experience.  Features: Implemented screen sharing and multispeaker view for effective video-calling experience. Blogzen (https://github.com/Athulyakairali/blogzen) Angular, Postgresql, Node.js  Contains a collection of resources categorized by tech domains, languages, and expertise.  This platform supports up to 100 active users without any compromise to user experience.  Features: Users can download the content and can upload them as well. Image Classifier (github.com/Athulyakairali/Image-classifier) Python, Jupyter Notebook, Tensorflow  Created an Image classifier that detects different objects through their shapes and sizes using machine language algorithms.  Features: Used F1 score to quantify the objects and Convolutional Neural Networks for better classification Certifications  Introduction to frontend development with ReactJS - Coursera.  Cybersecurity Essentials - Cisco NetAcad.  Introduction to frontend development with ReactJS - Coursera.  Cisco Certified Network Associate - Cisco  NodeJs backend basics with best practices  Coursera  AI/ML Nanodegree-Udacity Achievements  Selected among 5000 participants for the prestigious Udacity AI&ML Scholarship which is sponsored by AWS. Led a team which was selected as one of the top 50 teams at NIT-J's Hackmol-5.0 hackathon.