. . India dhruvasthana2003@gmail.com 8595683041 in/dhruv-asthana-297b74217 github.com/codeseeker-dhruv Dhruv Asthana SUMMARY Ambitious BTech Computer Science student skilled in C++, Python, and AI/ML, experienced in deep learning, computer vision, OC R, and web development, with leadership roles in a mental health club and internships. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering Minor in Artificial Intelligence  Noida Institute of Engineering Technology  Greater Noida, UP, India  2025  7.0 Senior Secondary School (Class XII) Minor in Physics, Chemistry and Maths  Ryan International School  Greater Noida, UP, India  2021  80% Secondary School (Class X) Ryan International School  Greater Noida, UP, India  2019  82% EXPERIENCE Data Analyst Celebal Technologies June 2024- August 2024, Online Assisted in data collection, cleaning, and preprocessing for model training, performed EDA, and developed machine learning models. Collaborated on projects like customer segmentation and churn prediction, and created visualizations to present insights. Machine Learning Engineer Bharat Intern Developed ML models for house price prediction (85% accuracy), led a team to deliver a project on time and within a 10% budge t surplus, and optimized workflow efficiency by 20% through data preprocessing and model training. September 2023 - October 2023, Online PROJECTS Body Posture Estimation for Playing Temple Run  Video GitHub  December 2023 - February 2024  Enhanced Temple Run with body movement controls using OpenCV and Media Pipe, reducing latency by 30%, and gained expertise in human-computer interaction, health technology, and computer vision Real Time Sign Language Detection GitHub  September 2023 - November 2023  Developed a system to detect and classify hand gestures ("hello," "thank you," "no," "yes," and "I love you") in real-time using Open CV, TensorFlow, and YOLO. The project integrates custom-trained models for accurate gesture recognition and has potential applications in accessibility and communication. CERTIFICATIONS Udemy Machine Learning A-Z Udemy  2024  Completed Udemy's 'Machine Learning A-Z' course, mastering ML algorithms in Python and R, with hands-on experience in model development and optimization, and certified expertise in AI and advanced analytics. Supreme Batch : Data Structure and Algorithms in C++ Code Help  2023 Completed a comprehensive course on Data Structures and Algorithms in C++ to tackle real-world challenges and advance expertise in algorithmic problem-solving. SKILLS C++ | Python | Java (Basic) | SQL (Basic) Deep Learning | Data Structures NLP/CV | APIs | Algorithms HTML | CSS | JavaScript (Basic) INVOLVEMENT Vice President Noida Institute of Engineering Technology  Hope in Darkness  October 2022 - Present Led a mental health club of 200+ students, raising awareness through dance, theatre, and art, and organized therapy sessions and events to break stigmas and promote open dialogue.