NAFSEEN BHANU SHAIK Macherla,Andhra Pradesh (cid:211) +91-9642027369 nafseenbhanu shaik@srmap.edu.in linkedin (cid:135) Github (cid:17) PROJECTS DriveHub - Vehicle Rentals Website | FULL STACK May- 2024  Implemented extensive features for booking processing, vehicle searching, and online reservations, considerably enhancing operating efficiency by 40%.  Enhanced the user experience with intuitive interfaces and streamlined workflows, resulting in faster and more accurate service delivery.  Utilized modern web technologies to create a responsive and user-friendly interface, increasing user engagement by 35%.  Implementing real-time vehicle availability tracking and immediate booking confirmations increased customer satisfaction by 30%, resulting in a smoother and more efficient booking experience. Hotel Management System using Abstract Window Toolkit | JAVA+SQL June - 2023  Using JDBC to connect to MySQL databases, execute queries, manage transactions, and perform database tasks quickly.  Developed a Java AWT-based GUI for hotel booking operations along with SQL to store data.  Facilitated seamless hotel room bookings for customers, increasing booking efficiency by 40  Streamlined management of room availability and customer details, decreasing manual entry errors by 30%. Udemy Learning Course Analysis for Students using Python | DATA ANALYSIS Aug - 2023  This course is a must-have resource for every student looking to improve their academic performance and unlock their true potential. In this analysis, we will analyze the courses using Python and data analysis libraries. The purpose of this analysis is to provide an overview of courses and we will look at the courses.  This analysis provides recommendations for good courses, allowing students to make better choices. r INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE Andhra Pradesh State Skill Development Corporation Data Analyst June 2023 - Aug 2023 Virtual  This course is a must-have resource for every student looking to improve their academic performance and unlock their true potential.  Conducted an in-depth data analysis of Udemy to evaluate their courses according to their Number of Subscribers and reviews, aiming to provides recommendations for Good course, allowing students to make better choices.  Improved customer understanding of course content by 40% through the use of interactive and visually engaging data visualizations. (cid:135) EDUCATION SRM University AP BTech - Computer Science Engineering - CGPA - 7.72 Palanadu Junior College Board of Intermediate - MPC - Percentage - 90% (cid:212) TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: Java, Python, C++  Databases: SQL, MongoDB  Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript 2021  Present Mangalagiri, Andhra Pradesh 2019  2021 Macherla, Andhra Pradesh  Development Tools (IDEs) : VS code, Jupyter Notebook, MYSQL Workbench  Version control system : Git, Github  CERTIFICATIONS  Micro-Certification- ServiceNow  SQL-HackerRank  Python-HackerRank  Problem Solving-HackerRank  SQL - Udemy