SUMMARY Furqan Ahmad Khan furqankhan5403@gmail.com +91 8657288820 LinkedIn GitHub A reliable and obsessive individual with proficient coding skills and a thorough understanding of Data Structure and Algorithms, with a year of experience designing, and developing web applications. Proven ability to work independently and collaboratively with other development teams. I have a proven track record of success in meeting deadlines and completing projects. EDUCATION  B.E in Computer Science and Engineering (Internet of Things & Cyber Security Including BlockChain Technology) A.C. Patil College of Engineering (Avg. CGPA: 8.86) (Mumbai University) 2020 - 2024 SKILLS Front End: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, EJS Back End: Express.js, Node.js    APIs: REST API  Database: MongoDB, MySQL, SQLite   Others: Data Structure and Algorithms (C++), AWS, Problem-Solving, Database Design, System Design, Linux, Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, JavaScript, Java Windows, Git & GitHub WORK EXPERIENCE Freelance(Back End) - Scrap Sevak Website, Application November 2023 - March 2024  Developed APIs for the mobile application Scrap Sevak, skillfully handling users' profiles, cart items, and the history of scrap sold.  Also developed the APIs for the Admin side, enabling them to view all incoming pickup requests and promptly update the request status as Accepted or Rejected, change scrap prices, and add new service locations. Created the API design and thoughtfully designed the entire system, carefully choosing the appropriate database for the application, considering all the system's functionalities and scalability. Implemented rate limiting to prevent any misuse of APIs and carefully protect our servers from receiving too many unnecessary requests from a single user. Successfully reduced the development cost as much as possible and published the app on Google Play Store. Technologies Used: MongoDB, Node.js, Express.js, RestAPI.     Web Developer at SOCIOHUB MEDIA September 2022 - October 2022, Remote  Developed a Python bot that takes input from an Excel sheet. After hitting an endpoint, the desired response is added automatically in the next column of the same Excel sheet.  As a result, I automated a process that was previously completely manual.  With the help of this bot, the marketing team was able to increase productivity and save time. PROJECTS Auction Website February 2023 - March 2023  The website consists of two sections, one for auctioneers and one for bidders. The Auctioneer can post an auction and keep track of the current highest bid, The Bidder can view all the products posted on the website by auctioneers. They can then bid based on their preferences.  Data is dynamically displayed in the bidder section (page).  Technologies Used: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, EJS, MongoDB, Node.js, Express.js. To-Do Desktop Application February 2022 - February 2022    The Python programming language is used exclusively in this simple project. It is a simple desktop app to write our tasks for the coming days. Used an SQLite database to store the tasks. It has some basic functions like adding tasks to the list, deleting tasks from the list, clearing the list, and saving the changes. ACHIEVEMENTS       5 stars on HackerRank (C++) 4 stars on HackerRank (C) 2 stars rated coder on CODECHEF Global rank 1228, Div-4(Codechef March-2022) Global rank 1702, Div-4(Code Chef Starters 51) Global rank 530,Div-4(Code Chef Starters 52)