Sanskriti Ojha Contact no- 9162561029 | ojhasanskriti08.09@gmail.com | Github Profile | LinkedIn Profile SUMMARY Analytical and detail-oriented Data Analyst with hands-on experience in data visualization, statistical analysis, and machine learning. Proficient in Python, SQL, and Power BI with a track record of leveraging data to drive actionable insights and optimize business strategies. Demonstrated expertise in developing predictive models, creating interactive dashboards, and conducting comprehensive data analysis to support decision-making processes. Adept at identifying trends and patterns, optimizing data processing workflows, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve project goals. Currently enhancing skills through certifications in Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst and AWS Cloud Technology, with a strong commitment to continuous learning and professional development. EDUCATION  Manipal University B.Tech in Data Science and Engineering  St. Aloysius Sr. Sec. School | 12th PCM | Final grades: 82.6% TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE Data Science Intern Prasunet Pvt. Ltd. Nov, 2021- Ongoing Jaipur, Rajasthan April, 2021 Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh June, 2024 - July ,2024  Conducted data analysis on global population datasets (2020) and identified key trends across over 150 countries, visualizing the distribution and achieving a 30% reduction in data exploration time using Python..  Performed exploratory data analysis and feature engineering on the Titanic dataset, addressing 20% of missing data issues, leading to a 15% increase in model accuracy for predicting passenger survival rates.  Built and optimized a Decision Tree classifier for a bank marketing dataset, achieving 85% accuracy in predicting customer responses, which improved campaign targeting efficiency by 25%.  Led sentiment analysis on Twitter datasets using logistic regression, with a preprocessing pipeline that improved model performance by 20%, accurately classifying over 50,000 tweets with 90% precision.  Analyzed UK accident data to identify hotspots and patterns based on weather and road conditions, providing actionable insights that contributed to a 10% improvement in local traffic safety measures. PROJECTS Interactive Covid-19 Trends Analysis June, 2024- July, 2024  Developed an interactive tool to analyze COVID-19 trends across Indian states, incorporating geospatial visualizations like choropleth maps and time series charts using Plotly and Folium.  Engineered a dynamic UI for state-wise comparisons, boosting data exploration and user engagement by 20%, with optimized sub-second load times for over 1 million rows.  Conducted thorough data cleaning and analysis to identify trends in cases, recoveries, and deaths, while ensuring cross-browser compatibility and maintaining detailed documentation. Github Repository- Covid19 Trends Analysis Credit Risk Analysis Dashboard (Using Power BI) April, 2024- June, 2024  Developed a Power BI dashboard for credit risk assessment, integrating machine learning to predict loan defaults.  Created interactive visualizations for dynamic analysis of risk metrics and trends. Github Repository- Credit Risk Dashboard Heart Disease prediction December, 2023- April, 2024  Developed a heart disease prediction model, improving accuracy by 15% and reducing errors by 20% through hyperparameter tuning, feature engineering, and data preprocessing.  Conducted exploratory data analysis to identify key trends and relationships, selecting the best algorithm based on accuracy and ROC-AUC.  Deployed the model using Flask for real-time predictions. Github Repository- Heart Disease Prediction TECHNICAL SKILLS  Data Analysis & Visualization: Python, R, SQL, pandas, numpy, Power BI, matplotlib, seaborn, folium, plotly, Geojson  Machine Learning & NLP: scikit-learn, decision tree classifiers, k-means, model optimization, text analysis, sentiment analysis, SMOTE, hyperparameter tuning, GridSearchCV, Tensorflow, Artificial Neural Network(ANN)  Big Data & Databases: MySQL, NoSQL, MongoDB  Programming & Tools: Python, R, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, C, Jupyter Notebook, VS Code, RStudio, Git, GitHub, DOM APIs, Kaggle LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE Creative Director | HerCampus at MUJ | May, 2023 - October, 2023  Oversaw creative direction and visual identity, collaborated with the executive team, and developed strategies to communicate the mission and initiatives to the student body.