ABHAY PRATAP SINGH 164/4 Gandhinagar, Chittorgarh, Rajasthan [Pin code :- 312001] +91-6376351281 singhabhaypratap72003@gmail.com www.linkedin.com/in/abhay abhay-portfolio.com github.com/AbhayPratap7 Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (Specialisation AIML) (Ongoing) August 2021  May 2025 Jaipur, Rajasthan  Relevant Coursework: Object Oriented Programming, Databases, Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating Systems Kendriya Vidyalaya Mandsaur , M.P Class 12 | Board CBSE | Percentage 93 %. Year -2021 Class 10 | Board CBSE | Percentage 85 % Year -2019 Technical Skills Languages: Python, JavaScript, TypeScript, C++, HTML/CSS, SQL Databases: MongoDB, MySQL, PostgreSQL Web Technologies: ReactJS, GatsbyJS, NodeJS, D3.js, Plotly Design Tools: Figma, Adobe XD, After Effects, Adobe Premiere Pro Cloud Developer Tools: GCP, AWS Technologies/Frameworks: Docker, GitHub Actions Experience Virasat Avam Vikas Sansthan Web Developer Intern May 2024  Aug 2024 Chittorgarh, Rajasthan  Successfully built and launched a full-stack website for the company, using React and JavaScript for the frontend and MongoDB for the backend.  Configured and maintained the MongoDB database for efficient data handling and storage, and integrated APIs to enhance functionality. DIV Hospitality May 2023  Aug 2023 Ajmer , Pushkar , Rajasthan Web Developer Intern  Successfully designed, developed, and deployed a full-stack website for the company, utilizing React, JavaScript, and MongoDB for both the frontend and backend.  Set up and managed the database using MongoDB, ensuring efficient data handling and storage. Perfect Publicity Software Development Engineer Nov 2023  Jan 2024 Chittorgarh, Rajasthan  Cost Optimization and Efficiency : Automated the billing process, reducing manual errors and operational costs associated with ad publishing management.  Enhanced Scalability : Delivered the project in record time, exceeding client expectations and demonstrating strong project management and technical skills. Projects DIV Hospitality | Resort Booking Website  Objective: During my internship at Div Hospitality, I spearheaded the development of a full-stack website, surpassing previous attempts by utilizing my diverse skill set in programming languages. Employing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, I created an engaging user interface, while integrating artificial intelligence techniques expedited development and enhanced functionality. Apple Vision Clone | A clone website rectifying issues and providing more better experience  Objective: Developed an Apple Vision Pro clone website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, replicating the design and functionality with a high level of precision and user experience.  I Developed the Apple Vision Clone website using HTML , CSS , JavaScript and tried to provide the user more smooth and user friendly interface . Rayban | { A Complete Animated Website } not a clone  Objective : I developed a completely Animated website which provide user extremely attractive experince the motive of this work is to make a animating website that will attract the user while using the website also it is a user friendly website link :- rayban-abhay.vercel.app [ I hope you will like it ] , NOTE : This is not a responsive website . Elegance | A Salon Website  I developed a Full Stack Website for the Salon and completely responsive which provide a major feature of booking slot in the salon and i tried to provide the users a aesthetic interface and a very user friendly experience .