Ankit kumar LinkedIn https://github.com/ankit2113141 ankit2113141@akgec.ac.in BRIEF SUMMARY  Third-year Computer Science undergraduate with passion for technology and problem solving , tackled 500+ coding challenges on different plateforms.  Skilled in software development using Python and Java, with experience in building web application backends with Node.js. Additionally, I am proficient in C++ and have expertise in cybersecurity.  Targeting Backend Software Engineer Internship to leverage coding abilities and contribute to a fast-paced environment. EDUCATION Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College Bachelor of Technology in CSE Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Nov 2021 - May 2025 Jawahar Vidya Mandir Shyamali Ranchi,jharkhand TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: C++, Java(Basic), Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS. Frameworks: Node.js , Express.js , Bootstrap, Tailwind CSS. Tools and Platforms:: GIT, Github, MongoDB, MySQL, Leetcode, codeforces, Codechef, HackerRank. Additional Skills: Competitive Programming , Problem Solving, Event Management, Leadership. APIs and libraries: Postman , Stripe(payment gateway), Panda, Numpy. PROJECTS  ECOMMERCE, Designed and developed a robust e-commerce website from scratch, incorporating secure payment gateways.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to launch an e-commerce platform, leveraging agile methodologies to iterate quickly link  Backend for restaurant, Architected a scalable restaurant platform with Stripe integration for plan purchases.Design Database schema and Implemented secure and efficient admin functionalities on Mongo Atlas for restaurant management, enabling data-driven decision making through robust analytics. Technology Node.js, Express, Mongoose, MongoDb, Stripe link  Bg-color Changer Created a React application with dynamic background color changes, demonstrating proficiency in React development and user interface design. Technology React, Vite,Tailwind Css link PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND CERTIFICATE  Foundations of Cybersecurity By Google, It Enhancing my cybersecurity skillset. This program delves into emerging threats like brain malware and phishing, while also providing a strong foundation in compliance and security frameworks like the CIA triad and NIST. By gaining these critical insights, I am well-positioned to address a broader spectrum of cyber threats effectively.  Python for Data Science By Infosys, This course designed to boost your data analysis capabilities by teaching Python programming and key data science tools, including NumPy, pandas, and Power BI. - Contribute to open source in ssoc(social summer of code) - full stack web development by code help Positions of Responsibility Computer Society of India (CSI) | Member Aug22 - Present  Actively participated in the activities and event organized by the CSIAKGEC 