Dhanush A dhanusharunachalam31@gmail.com 9943060731 2/212 veghan house kurinchinagar 4th cross street vandalur,chennai linkedin/Dhanush EDUCATION B.E Electrical and Electronics Engineering Chennai Institute of Technology CGPA:8.26 Krishnasamy Memorial Matriculation Higher Secondary School HSC - 93.1% ACHIEVEMENTS K.S.R group of institutions WEB DEVELOPMENT contest Secured 1st place in web development contest conducted by K.S.R group of institutions IIITDM WEB DEVELOPMENT contest secured 3rd place in Website designing contest PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 09/2020  05/2024 | chennai, India cuddalore, India Webdeveloper Intern(software) Shiash Infotech solutions Completed a 3 month internship in the company Shiash Info Solution. 09/2023  12/2023 | chennai, India Implemented a approach to data handling, with a key focus on QR code registration to eradicate and ensuring data integrity and efficiency in the system Successfully designed and implemented a predictive model for E-Ticket for Museum and Tourist sites, improving the efficiency and eliminating data loss issues.Utilized Data management , QR Code Integration, and Predictive Modeling for efficient data handling. PROJECTS Covid Vacination Developed a Covid vaccination website for vaccination booking. Developed a Covid vaccination website using the following technology stack(Mysql,React,Express,Node.js). The website is used for booking vaccination slot for the patients. The website have functionality to book and cancel slot in the vaccination centre through online. The website also have a admin functionality to add location and also to remove the datas including functions like adding dosages for the vaccination centres. Library Data Management Developed a library data management website to track the library datas efficiently. Implemented and maintained a robust data management system, resulting in increase in the accessibility and retrieval speed of library resources. Developed and executed data classification and cataloging procedures, ensuring consistency and adherence to metadata standards. Small Scale Wind Energy Device Designed a cost effective small sized wind turbine which can be installed in residential area and its completely eco-friendly.The Product with Technology Stack of YAW System, GearSystem,Generator. CERTIFICATES Cyber Security Essentials(cisco) Machine Learning Specialization (Coursera) SKILLS UI Path Academic Alliance Skill-A- Thon RPA Citizen developer(UIPATH) React Native,React Basics(coursera) Programing Languages Python,HTML,C++,C,Java,Javascript,CSS,Selenium testing(java),RPA Frameworks and Software Development Tools React.js,Express , Node.js,Angular(frontend),VisualStudio Code ,Git, Mysql. Excellent problem-solving and analytical abilities. Strong communication and teamwork skills. Ability to adapt quickly to new technologies and methodologies