THALAPANENI NARENDRA (cid:131) +916305623973 | # thalapaneninarendra@gmail.com | (cid:239) narendra-thalapaneni-01 |  Narendra1620 EDUCATION  Chennai Institute of Technology Bachelor of Science in Computer Science; CGPA: 8.1 Chennai, Tamil Nadu Nov. 2021  Present PROGRAMMING SKILLS  Languages: Java, C  Web Development: ReactJS, Html, Css, Bootstrap, Javascript,NodeJs, ExpressJs  DevOps: Git, Github  Database: MongoDb, MySQL CODING PROFILES  Leetcode:Acquired a highest contest rating of 1453 and solved 246 problems.(thalapaneninarendra)  Codechef: Attained a highest contest rating of 1189.(narendra1620)  Codeforces: Scored a highest contest rating of 898.(Narendra1620) INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE  Frontend Developer Intern Webion  Developed dynamic eCommerce frontend with ReactJS, increasing user engagement by 18%.  Implemented intuitive UI/UX, reducing bounce rates and increasing session duration. July 2023 - Aug 2024  Utilized ReactJS and CSS for responsive interfaces,with 19% improvement in conversion rates. PROJECTS  House-Rental Website Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, CSS, MongoDB  The goal of the project is to user can publish the place and give rent to the tenants.  project comprises of wishlist where user add the liked properties to their wishlist.  /houserentalweb.git  website mainly act as an mediator between tenant and owner , MongoDb used for the Database  increased rental completion through a streamlined online application and payment process  E-commerce Website Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, CSS, MongoDB  Developed an E-commerce Website with the order tracking system by admin.  User can easily pay through the upi and other type of payment options.  /teachnookmajorproject.git  The products can be compared and by their specifications of the products and easily retrives by category.   Blog Website Reactjs, Nodejs, Expressjs, CSS, MongoDB  Devoloped a Blog website with efficiently management of the users.  Enhanced the User experience throught the website with styling material icons package  Engaged consumers with interactive design and compatible layout , . CERTIFICATIONS  /nakastam1.git Programming hub: NodeJs NPTEL: Programming in JAVA Udemy: Css,Javascript,php, and python full stack course Udemy: The complete 2023 web development bootcamp ACHIEVEMENTS  Leetcode platform: Having solved over 200+ coding problems , I have demonstrated proficiency in algorithmic problem-solving and mastery of various data structures