CONTACT OBJECTIVE EXPERIENCE 28-April-2022 - Ashish Kumar   7417678985  ashishakr20595.ak@gmail.com Motivated backend developer with 2 years of experience, currently working at Rozana, an e- commerce product-based company, Procient in Laravel, Javascript, jQuery and experienced in Java, Spring, Spring Boot and Angular. Seeking to leverage my expertise in Java, Spring, Spring Boot and Angular development to contribute to dynamic team. Backend Developer Rozana Company | AquadSoft Company | April 2022 - Present Collabarated with a team of 20 to 25 members to develop and mantain high trafc web application using laravel, javascript, jquery and other technologies, signicantly enhancing performance. Played a key role in enhancing Rozana's e-commerce platform, improving load times and user retention. Integrated 2+ third-party APIs, expanding the platform's functionality. - Java Spring Boot & Angular Developer Personal Project: planetlearning.org | January 2024 - Present Developed planetlearning.org, a full stack web application using Spring Boot and Angular. Implemented robust authentication and authorization using Spring Security, ensuring privacy and secure access for all users. Designed and managed a scalable database using Hibernate and JPA. Created responsive and dynamic user interfaces with angular, leading to increased user engagement and interaction. EDUCATION 2016-2020 2015 SKILLS PROJECTS Uttaranchal University B.Tech 8.0 Shri Guru Ram Rai Public School 12th 74% Backend Technologies: Java, Servlet, Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate, JPA, Laravel. Frontend Technologies: Angular, Javascript, Typescript, jQuery, Thymeleaf. Databases: MySQL, PostgresSQL PlanetLearning.org ( planetlearning.org ) Developed a comprehensive learning platform where users can read articles about various programming languages. Utilized Java, Spring Boot, Spring Security, Hibernate, JPA for the backend. Used Angular to create a responsive and dynamic frontend. implemented role- based access control and CRUD operations for content management. URL: planetlearning.org Bookstore Ecommerce Project Built an e-commerce platform using Java, Servlet, JSP, and Hibernate. Features include book search, add to cart, user management, order history, and rating system. Implemented admin funtionalities for managing users, categories, reviews, and orders LANGUAGES Hindi English