BISHMEET KAUR http://github.com/BishmeetKaur https://www.linkedin.com/in/bishmeet-kaur-0951781b8 bishmeet.kaur15@gmail.com 9012364822 Delhi EDUCATION Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology B.Tech. (Information Technology) August 2020-June 2024 DAV Public School Sreshtha Vihar March 2006-March 2020 COURSEWORK Courses: Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. SKILLS Technical Skills: Java, HTML/CSS, Manual Testing, Automation Testing, Performance Testing, JavaScript, SQL, SDLC. Soft Skills: Teamwork, Time Management, Adaptability, Active Listening. PROJECTS Crypto Tracker | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Material UI Dec 2024  Developed a sophisticated web application built using React.js and Material-UI. Its primary purpose is to offer real time, comprehensive data on numerous cryptocurrencies..  I leveraged HTML to structure CryptoTrackers components and CSS for styling and layout.  The custom CSS adds a touch of personalization, making the calculator visually appealing engaging.  Solved problems relating to asynchronous tasks  The application fetches live data from a reputable cryptocurrency API and presents it in a user-friendly interface Whisked | HTML, CSS, JavaScript , React, Edamam API, VS Code May 2024  Developed a Food Recipe Web Application using React.js, Material UI and Edamam API, Axios API.  I leveraged HTML to structure the components and CSS for styling and layout.  It is a robust web application that dynamically fetches and displays live data for food recipes and ingredients.  The custom CSS adds a touch of personalization, making the application visually appealing engaging.  It enhances user convenience and efficiency in finding desired recipes based on a variety of criteria including ingredients, cuisine types and specific categories.  I have used Edamam API which maintains a large database of food and recipes. This database is continuously updated and expanded to include a variety of foods and recipes from various cultures. EXPERIENCE Web Developer Intern Oct-Nov 2023 CodSoft Developed web applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and React, following responsive web design and user centric design principles. Web Developer Intern July-Aug 2023 LetsGrowMore Researched and recommended new technologies and tools to improve website performance. I also demonstrated strong problem solving skills in resolving website issues. HOBBIES Listening Music I like to listen Punjabi music in my free time. Watching Movies I like to watch Punjabi comedy movies which gives me immense joy and happiness .