ANISH SANJAY KHADTARE Email: anishkhadtare2002@gmail.com || Contact No: +91-7304835568 LinkedIn || Github EDUCATION Mumbai University Shah and Anchor Kutchhi Engineering College, Chembur Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Engineering Allen Swami Vivekanand Jr. College of Science and Commerce Koparkhairane Higher Secondary Examination, State Board St. Marys Multipurpose High School And Junior College, Vashi Secondary School Examination, State Board StudyFolio PROJECTS 2020 - 2024 CGPA 9.25 2018 - 2020 69.85 % 2018 88.80 %  Developed a comprehensive educational technology platform enabling students to purchase courses of their interest which are published by diverse publishers.  Designed and developed the backend of the application.  I was responsible for developing all the required models and controllers for the application and also designed middlewares for user authentication purposes. .  Technologies Used: Express.js, React.js, Node.js, MongoDB, HTML, Tailwind CSS Crypto Tracker Click Here  Objective was to develop a web application to help cryptocurrency investors in tracking the current market price of top crypto currencies and also analyze its past performance on different timeline scales using graphical representation.  The application helps users to keep a track of crypto currency prices in different currencies and different time formats.  Challenges faced : Managing the state of a number of components such as currency, themes, currency symbols.  Optimized the performance of the application using React Context API which helped in creating a centralized store for accessing the currency state.  Technologies Used: React JS and Tailwind CSS. INTERNSHIPS  Twowaits Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Gurgaon July 2022 - August 2022 o Implemented backend for MERN Stack project which was an video streaming application. o My role was to design and develop the models, controllers and middlewares for the backend using Express.js. o Implemented user authentication and authorization using Json Web Tokens. TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Language : Java MySQL  Frontend  Backend : React JS JavaScript Tailwind CSS HTML CSS : Express JS Node JS MongoDB  Softwares : Git GitHub Postman VS Code TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS  Received certification for completion of 4.5 month course in Web development which included training in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React and Express js (2023)  Received certification for completion of Spoken Tutorial certification courses in Java (2021 - 2022)