PENTYALA KUMAR GOVIND Data Science and ML Enthusiast +91 9014361370 penyalagovind@gmail.com LInkedin.com/in/kumar- govind- 00ba40221 Ongole, Andhra pradesh github.com/govindpentyal SUMMARY Dedicated professional proficient in , SQL, Python, Machine Learning, and NLP. With a strong foundation in s data analysis, I'm eager to contribute effectively in entry- level roles. Committed to continuous learning and growth, I seek opportunities to enhance expertise and contribute to team projects. Ready to embark on a journey of professional development, with a proactive approach and passion for technology. INDUSTRIAL TRAINING (IBM)      Completed industrial training at IBM Skills Build program. Gained understanding of machine workings and machine learning algorithms. Developed a cancer prediction model using machine learning techniques. Designed and implemented a rain prediction model for Australia. Enhanced proficiency in Python programming language and machine learning concepts. PROJECTS: AI driven medical assitance chat bot (02/2024-04/2024) Domain:Data scince, Machine learning TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages:  Python SQL Tools and Frameworks: Gen AI,Power Bi Data Base Management: My SQL  Machine Learning and Data Analysis: Machine Learning Algorithms Natural Language Processing Data Visualization (Matplotlib, Seaborn) Pandas NumPy Scikit-learn INTERESTS Art and Design Reading   EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES   Community Service Projects Debate Team or Public Speaking 1. Fracture Prediction: Uses CNN DenseNet-169 model to analyze medical images and predict fractures. 2. NLP for Interaction: Employs NLP models to understand and respond to patient questions in natural language. 3. Clustering for Personalization: Utilizes clustering algorithms to group similar cases and provide personalized answers. 4. Data-Driven Insights**: Leverages patient health data for tailored medical advice based on medical history and symptoms. MCQ Generator using Language Models (LLMs) (01/2024)-(02/2024) 1. Domain: Natural Language Processing, Generative AI 2. Data Preprocessing: The source text is tokenized, normalized, and enriched with part-of-speech tagging and named entity recognition to ensure the data is clean and structured. 3. Sentence Selection: Identify informative sentences from the text. 4. Question Types: Generate factual, conceptual, and application questions. 5. Distractor Generation: Create plausible incorrect answers. 6. Training the Model: 7. Model Selection: Use a pre-trained language model (e.g., GPT-4). 8. Fine-Tuning: Train on domain-specific data for improved relevance. 9. Prompt Engineering: Craft prompts to guide question generation. 10. Prediction: 11. The trained model generates MCQs by creating the question stem, options, and identifying the correct answer. 12. Example: From a paragraph about cancer cell characteristics, generate questions about key differences between cancerous and normal cells. Exploratory Data Analysis of Trend of Movies (10/2023 - 12/2023) Domain: Data Science. Applied EDA techniques and conducted five hypothesis tests. MySQL PROJECT SQL HR Database Analysis (02/2023 - 04/2023) Domain: Database Management Systems (DBMS). Conducted analysis on HR data using MySQL for academic purpose CERTIFICATIONS Completed ML algorithms course by IBM July 2023. Attended Fundamentals of Web Development course by Meta November 2023 Successfully finished Complete Python Bootcamp by Udemy in March 2023.    EDUCATION: Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, Punjab Sep 2021 - Present CGPA 7.79 Higher Secondary Sri Chaitanya collage | Bongloor , Hyderabad 95% Secondary School Education Sri Chaitanya high school|Guntur , Andhra pradesh CGPA 10 Mar 2019  Apr 2021 July 2018  Mar 2019