ANISH UBRIANI +91-959-956-9531 | anishubriani1234@gmail.com| LinkedIn EDUCATION DAV PUBLIC SCHOOL  CLASS XII MANIPAL UNIVERSITY  Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science 93% GPA - 8 SKILLS Programming & Database: Python,Numpy,pandas,Matlotlib, C, SQL & DBMS, HTML, CSS Data Analytics & Visualization: ETL, Data science pipeline (cleansing, wrangling, visualization, modeling, interpretation), Statistics, MS Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Canva, Power BI Soft Skills: Events coordination and planning, Team building, Cost reduction strategies, Organization, Leadership, PR and negotiation, Strategic planning Interests: Chess, Trading, Volunteering, Entrepreneurship, Productivity hacking, Sudoku, Football, World affairs EXPERIENCE Business Analyst Intern| Perspicientia Consultancy Private Limited (PCPL)  Acted as a liaison between the IT team and stakeholders to ensure alignment on project objectives.  Contributed to the development of PCPL's product by identifying and bridging gaps between business needs and technical implementation.  Collaborated with stakeholders to gather comprehensive requirements for IT solutions IEEE Council | Manipal University Jun 2023- Jun 2024  Boosted member engagement through active involvement in the membership drive and increased attendance at IEEE events by 50% compared to the previous year.  Analyzed attendance data from previous events to identify areas for improvement.  Ensured that events were well-planned and executed smoothly, providing attendees with an engaging and informative experience.  Secured funding for the organization by identifying and reaching out to potential corporate sponsors.  Developed sponsorship packages tailored to the needs of each corporate partner, highlighting the benefits of supporting IEEE and offering unique opportunities for engagement.  Worked closely with corporate partners to plan and execute successful events, ensuring their objectives were  met and their participation was valued. Fostered stronger relationships with other student organizations on campus, resulting in increased cross-promotion of IEEE events and greater visibility for our members.  Attended regular committee meetings and provided input and ideas for upcoming events and initiatives  Organized and managed a wide range of technology-focused events related to computer science engineering. Convenor Genesis23(Annual Tech Fest) | Manipal University  Orchestrated and oversaw a wide range of technology-themed events.  Ensured that events were executed seamlessly and provided valuable learning experiences for attendees. LEADERSHIP PROJECTS Review paper: The project is based on AI predictive analysis to determine and contribute toward stock market prediction. Developing various neural models to forecast stock prices and evaluating model effectiveness through RMSE analysis Sales Data Analytics: Analyzed sales data to identify key factors influencing revenue and optimize sales strategies. Additionally, conducted exploratory data analysis (EDA) to delve deeper into the dataset. Used SQL to develop functionalities like creating, inserting, deletion, updating & retrieving data. Data Visualization Project with Tata Group (Forage): Participated in a virtual experience focused on leveraging data visualization to gain effective business insights using power bi. CERTIFICATIONS  CCNAv7: Enterprise networking, security and automation  CCNA: Switching, Routing, and Wireless Essentials  Getting Started with Enterprise-grade AI