ASHUTOSH KUMAR SINGH ashutoshsingh2816@gmail.com | Ashutosh Kumar Singh | Ashutosh Kumar Singh | 9455522816 EDUCATION Noida Institute Of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India  Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Business System 2021 - 2025 Immaculate Conception Convent School , Lucknow , Uttar Pradesh ,India  ISC (Class XII)  ISCE (Class X) SKILLS Languages/Database: Java, Python, C++, C , SQL, JavaScript Other Skills: Data Structures & Algorithms, Data Analysis, Business Analysis Web Technologies: ReactJs, NodeJS, Express, HTML, jQuery, CSS, MongoDB, Mongoose, Bootstrap, Material UI Software & Tools: GIT, GitHub, MySQL, Tableau, Matlab, Postman, Google Firebase, Blender Non-Technical skills: Leadership, Creativity, Event Management, Public Speaking, Strategic planner, Multitasking, Communication. WORK EXPERIENCE Bharat Intern Aug23  Sep23  Completed a virtual internship program at Bharat Intern, gaining hands-on experience in data science methodologies, including data analysis, machine learning, and statistical modelling.  Collaborated with interdisciplinary teams to analyse complex datasets, extract actionable insights, and develop data-driven recommendations, showcasing proficiency in data visualization and a commitment to excellence in data analysis. Research Paper I have participated/presented the paper titled "Exploring the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence: Impact on Human Decision Making and Cognition" in the International Conference on Emerging Technologies and Innovations, organized by Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida, India, held on March 1st-2nd, 2023 Co-organized by "Under the ageis of ETBI - 2023 Series" Department of Operations Research and Business Intelligence, Wroclaw Tech, Poland. PROJECTS MERN Stack Chat APP  Developed a full-stack chat application using the MERN stack, combining MongoDB, Express.js, React, and Node.js to create a robust and scalable solution.  Implemented real-time messaging and user authentication features, leveraging Express.js and MongoDB for secure data management and React for a responsive, dynamic user interface.  Enabled seamless user interaction and engagement through a well-designed chat interface, ensuring smooth communication and an intuitive user experience. Weather Application  Features: Fetch weather information from API, implemented error handling to manage API call failures.  Developed using Python Libraries- tkinter, PIL etc.. Myntra Clone Website  Developed a Java-based Student Grade Calculator that automates grade entry, calculation, and reporting, streamlining academic performance tracking and analysis for educators.  Implemented robust data handling and user interface features to allow easy grade management, generating accurate academic records and enhancing usability for both students and faculty. POSITION OF RESPONSIBILITY Khushiyan Baaton Club | NIET  Actively participated as a core member in Khushiyan Baton Club, fostering a vibrant cultural environment within the college.  Demonstrated leadership and organizational skills by spearheading Major Responsibility for Jagmag fest 2022 and 2023 .  Successfully generated the best outcome through effective teamwork and coordination. HOBBIES Traveling  Passionate about exploring diverse cultures and gaining global perspectives through travel.  Experienced traveller skilled in planning and managing international and domestic trips, emphasizing cultural immersion and budget management.  Passionate about documenting travel experiences through photography and blogging, highlighting storytelling abilities Playing sports  Actively participates in sports, demonstrating teamwork, dedication, and competitive spirit especially in Cricket .  Demonstrated commitment to balancing athletic pursuits with academic responsibilities, fostering teamwork and leadership skills. CERTIFICATES and ACHIEVEMENTS  Solved over 100 programming questions on CodeChef.  Have been an active participant in the extra-curricular activities organized at school and have won prizes for debate and various sports competitions.  Have done more than 50 certification courses of various technologies (Development ,Analysis ,Languages ,etc)from trusted sources.