Aakhil Mohammad  Aakhil Mohammad | (cid:239) Aakhil Mohammad | # aakhilmohammad63@gmail.com | H 8187076860 Summary I am a B.Tech student in Computer Science and Engineering With Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning as Specialization at SRM University AP, graduating in 2025. My coursework and projects have equipped me with strong skills in Python, Java, SQL, C++, and Machine Learning. I have experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Django for web development, and I am passionate about leveraging these skills to build responsive and user-friendly web applications. Work Experience Web Development Intern, APSSDC June 2023 - Aug 2023  Developed a scalable Resume Maker application using Django with responsive design principles using Bootstrap.  Implemented front-end features using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to enhance user experience.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams in an Agile environment to deliver project milestones. May 2024 - Jun 2024 Salesforce Supported Virtual Internship  Enhanced skills in Salesforce tools and applications, contributing to the successful completion of various tasks. Projects Predict Solar Cell Efficiency by ML using Qudrapole Moment Developed a Model for Organic Photovoltaics (OPVs) with non-fullerene acceptors, As they face commer- cialization challenges.So to overcome we have Developed a machine learning model using the quadrupole moment (Q20) and other descriptors accurately predicts photovoltaic properties,aiding OPV development. Pharmacy management system Pharmacy Management System is a web-based application built using Java that offers you the facility to order medicines and keep track of all your orders online by just signing up with a registered mail id. Cricket Alerts Using Python Developed a Python-based project that sends real-time cricket scores to users via WhatsApp, simplifying the process of keeping up with live games. Education 2021 - present B.Tech(Computer Science And Engineering),SRM University AP (CGPA: 8.23/10.0) (Percentage: 97.5%) 2019 - 2021 (Percentage: 93.10%) 2019 Intermediate, Sri Chaitanya Jr College SSC, Sri Chaitanya School Skills Technical Skills C,C++,OOPS concept in C++,Python, Django, HTML, CSS,, SQL, Java, Bootstrap, Soft Skills Git, Machine Learning Problem-Solving, Critical Thinking, Self-motivated , Communication Skills, Presenta- tion Skills, Attention to Detail, Time Management ,Logical Thinking.