Kartik Chitranshi +91- 7905236067  chitranshkartik7@gmail.com Bahraich, India - 271801 LinkedIn GitHub Portfolio EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur , B.Tech in Infromation Technology Nov 2021- Sep 2025 CGPA: 8.28/10 (Till 6th semester) Buddha Public School, Bahraich, UP India. Mar 2019-Mar 2020 XII - Aggregate: 89% Buddha Public School, Bahraich, UP India. Mar 2017- Mar 2018 X - Aggregate: 87.2% Programming languages : Python, SQL, Visualization Tool: Power BI, Excel, Tableau Databases: MySQL, SQL, PostgreSQL SKILLS Soft Skills : Analytical skills Business Acumen Decision-Making, client-Focused Solutions Assertive Communication TULIP, Data Analyst Intern. Link Apr 2023 - July 2023 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Collaborated with 15 industry experts within the municipal corporation to implement a waste management system, reducing operational costs by 20% and improving processing efficiency by 30%. Analyzed sewage data, uncovering that 45% of issues were concentrated in the eastern part of the city, leading to targeted solutions that decreased system failures by 25%. Provided assistance to health department based on insights gained, as 60% of health issues were linked to sewage problems. Trainity, Data Analyst Trainee. Link May 2023 - June 2023 Conducted complex database manipulations using MySQL to optimize data handling and analysis. Utilized Pivot Tables and Charts in MS Excel to perform in-depth database analysis and create clear visualizations. Designed visually impactful dashboards with Power BI, driving data-driven decision-making and strategic insights. Solved Case-studies and worked on five different projects. Layoff data analysis during Covid-19 Pandemic. PROJECTS  Executed data preprocessing on a dataset comprising approximately 3000 data points, representing a 65% increase from the previous dataset size.  Applied MySQL for data extraction and to gain insights and conduct in-depth analysis of layoff trends across 30 companies and 20 locations, enhancing forecasting accuracy by 15%.  Created a comprehensive dashboard using Power BI, facilitating the clear visualization and presentation of insights, resulting in a 90% increase in client satisfaction. Spotify Dashboard Power BI. Deployed Gen-AI to integrate image URLs into multiple CSV files using a Python script, retrieving album cover URLs from the Spotify API and improving data accuracy by 30%. Crafted custom backgrounds in PowerPoint, enhancing presentation aesthetics and visual appeal. Developed a new measure for custom HTML scripts, enabling display of cover URLs using HTML visuals, improving user experience by 80%. Created variance charts with Deneb Visuals for 100+ songs, detailing energy percentages and highlighting fluctuations. Black Friday Sales Prediction. Performed Data Preprocessing and Exploratory Data Analysis on the Black Friday sales dataset with 5,50,069 data points. Implemented multiple models for evaluation, including linear regression, decision tree, random forest, extra tree regressor, and XGBoost regressor, to forecast sales, with XGBoost delivering the highest predictive accuracy and an RMSE score of 2684. Evaluated and refined the models using techniques such as cross-validation and train-test split in an optimized model with an accuracy of 93%. POSITION AND RESPONSIBILITY Core Team Member (zetta-Sci : Data science society of MUJ ) : Involved in planning and organizing events for more than 1000 people. General - Secretary (SAY : Social welfare society of MUJ ) : Participated in educational capacity-building and community service projects in 8 slums, 4 orphanages, and 3 asylums, benefiting over 800 individuals. ACHIEVEMENTS Awarded a Gold badge in SQL on Hackerrank, showcasing advanced proficiency in critical technical skills. Certified as a Google Data Analyst, gaining expertise in data analysis, visualization, and data-driven decision-making. Attained an NPTEL certificate in Software Engineering organized by IIT Kharagpur, showcasing robust expertise in software engineering. models and methodologies. Achieved an NPTEL certificate in Database Management System with an overall score of 72%, administered by IIT Kharagpur. Achieved the Dean's List of Excellence twice in recognition of academic achievements in two semesters.