Asjad Raza Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh vedasjad@gmail.com (+91)9621303910 in/vedasjad SUMMARY B.Tech CS student (Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College) with a passion for Flutter, Backend Development, and Competitive Programming. Seeking to leverage skills in a challenging role. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science Ajay Kumar Garg Engineering College  Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  2025  7.27 EXPERIENCE Flutter Developer Intern Employee Forums January 2024 - March 2024 Mumbai - Maharashtra ,  Improved Code Maintainability: Employed MobX and Bloc State Management to resolve 100s of bugs and restructure a 5000 line codebase, leading to a 30%   reduction in code review time. Enhanced Application Performance: Implemented strategic bug fixes and code optimization, achieving a 25% improvement in application responsiveness and a decrease in crashes by 70%. Increased Code Testability: Utilized Bloc's inherent testability features to write more comprehensive unit and integration tests, improving code quality and reducing future regressions (reintroduction of bugs). Flutter Developer Intern Ajani Infotech November 2023 - January 2024 Noida - Uttar Pradesh ,    Delivered App on Time (Riverpod, SOLID): Built the app from the ground up using Riverpod for state management and SOLID principles, ensuring a clean and maintainable codebase for a timely launch. Boosted User Engagement (Drag-and-Drop): Implemented intuitive drag-and-drop functionalities, leading to a 40% increase in user interaction. Maximized Revenue (Google Ads): Successfully integrated Google Ads, achieving a 10% increase in revenue while maintaining a positive user experience. PROJECTS Munchmate github.com/vedasjad/munchmate#readme  October 2023 - October 2023     Streamlined Student Canteen Ordering: Enabled students to order food directly from their phones, reducing queue times by 90%. Seamless QR Code Pickup: Implemented a QR code system for quick and contactless food collection, improving efficiency by 74%. Personalized Recommendations: Leveraged past order data to suggest personalized menu items, boosting user satisfaction by 60%. Elevated Canteen Experience: Developed a user-friendly app with top-notch design and robust security features, exceeding user expectations and setting a new standard for canteen ordering. INVOLVEMENT Flutter Developer AKGEC, Ghaziabad  Big Data Centre of Excellence  November 2022 - Present    Plan and manage 6 paid technical events with an average of 150 participants. Designed and developed 75% of the society's mobile app. Leading and coordinating with a team of 33 members. Competitive Programmer AKGEC, Ghaziabad  Programming Club  November 2022 - Present    Organized 4 coding events and contests, resulting in average of 300 participants in each event. Coordinating with a team of 55 members. Cultivated a collaborative coding community, facilitating 1 knowledge-sharing sessions every month. SKILLS . .        Mobile Development: Flutter Programming Languages : Dart, Python, GoLang, C/C++ Backend as a Service : Firebase Databases : PostgreSQL, MongoDB Web Development : JavaScript (NodeJs) Design Tools : Figma, Canva Version Control: Git (GitHub) . .