Mohd Afsar Ansari Ghaziabad ,Delhi-NCR  Afsar1201 | (cid:239) mohdafsaransari | # afsar12012004@gmail.com | H +91-7503603288 INTERNSHIP Full Stack Web Development KIET Group Of Institutions 2 months(2023) Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  In this internship i have learnt full stack web development including both front end and backend part by using the frameworks and libraries like reactjs, expressjs, javascript and git,github.  I have made a beginner level project using full stack web development in which i have made an small e commerce website. Java Programming KIET Group Of Institutions 1 month(2022) Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh  Learned java language in this internship which helps in improving my problem solving skills, and also helped me to make projects.  I have made a quiz web application using java and Netbeans. EDUCATION KIET Group Of Institutions(Affiliated with Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University) Nov. 2021  Present Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Information Technology Central Board Of Secondary Education Intermediate with 75.8 percent marks Central Board Of Secondary Education High School with 85 percent marks PROJECTS 2021 Noida, Uttar Pradesh 2019 Noida, Uttar Pradesh Automated Testing Project Link | Javascript, Typescript, Playwright, Vs Code April 2023  Developed an automated testing project using TypeScript and Playwright to validate login functionality and item addition workflows on Amazons platform.  Performed end-to-end testing across multiple browsers and devices, identifying and reporting defects. Todo List Link | React.js,VS Code March 2023  Designed and developed a dynamic todo list application using ReactJS, demonstrating proficiency in modern front-end web development.  Implemented features such as task creation, deletion, and status tracking, utilizing React components and state management to ensure a responsive and intuitive user experience. Music App Link | Html, CSS, Javascript, VS Code October 2022  Designed and developed a responsive music application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, providing users with an immersive and enjoyable listening experience.  Utilized HTML5 audio elements and JavaScript event handling to create seamless audio playback across different devices and browsers, ensuring compatibility and performance. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: Java, C-sharp, SQL Technologies: Web Developer, SDET, Unity3D Developer Tools: Vs Studio,Unity Game Engine COURSES/ CERTIFICATES Full Stack Web Development(LinkedIn Learning)(04/2023 - 06/2023) Certificate Microsoft Azure Cloud(Microsoft Azure)(March 2024) Certificate Algorithm Analysis and Design(KIET)(2023) Certificate ACHIEVEMENTS 5 stars on Hackerrank coding platform Link 85+ questions solved on Leetcode platform Link