Anand Mandkikar Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anand-mandkikar-b24616270 Github: AnandM12204913 (Anand Mandkikar) (github.com) Email: anadmandkikar@gmail.com Mobile: +91-9284925515 SKILLS SUMMARY  Languages:  Frameworks:  Tools/Platforms: MySQL, CorelDraw, Tableau, Unity, Android Studio  Soft Skills: C++, Java, C, PHP, R, Kotlin HTML and CSS Leadership, Problem-Solving Skills, Communication, Project Management, Adaptability Summer Training Since March 2023  CipherSchool  Programming in C++ Trainee  About: CipherSchool's Summer Training in Programming with C++ is designed to equip participants with comprehensive skills in one of the most powerful and widely used programming languages. Participants will delve into the fundamentals of C++ programming, mastering concepts such as variables, loops, functions, and object-oriented programming principles.  Tech stacks used: c + +  Freelancing  SanjivanSolar.com Freelancer April 2022 - March 2023  Project Overview: Developed a webapplication for managing Services for the startup called Sanjivan Solar pvt. ltd. This platform provides Online showcase of Solars, offers booking and purchasing online , and also enables users to become agents and offer Discounts. The application is made available for Android and Web platforms. PROJECTS  E-rik  Online cab booking system for LPU:  Constructed a App for ease of availability of Cab to users (Book/Ride).  Developed features like Book online, Availability of seat, Direct Payment, Route Selection, settings, login and signup.  Utilized Firebase to handle backend requests for application, and used dart to respond back.  Music Player  Offline Audio Player / Music library:  Built a Website that include Search Music option, Library, Customized Playlists, Sorting of Library.  Used XML to make the webpages user friendly.  Explored more about Kotlin & XML for dipper knowledge.  E-Farm  Ecommerce site and disease detection  Built a Web application to manage Farming, Crop-orders and Identify Crop Disease  Used MySQL to manage the data of all transactions, keeping bill receipts/pdfs.  Explored Python Pillow library and implemented user friendly UI. ACHIEVEMENTS  Secured Global Rank 783rd: Among 21k+ participants in Leetcode Biweekly Contest 96  Got selected for Smart India Hackathon: Selected among 1500 teams in top 50  3 Star badge on Hackerrank: Completed 3 Star badge in subject Java, c++, Python, SQL. CERTIFICATIONS  Generative AI fundamentals Badge - by Google grow.  Cloud Bootcamp  Sponsored by google developers (GFG)  C++ and Data Structure Algorithms | CipherSchool | Jul23) EDUCATION   Lovely Professional University Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science and Engineering; CGPA: 6.90 Favorite Courses: Object Oriented Programming, Data Structures, Database Management System, Flutter Punjab, India Since August 2022 Shreeyash College of Polytechnic Aurangabad, Maharashtra Intermediate; Percentage: 84.60% Favorite Courses: Operating System, Dsa using C, Database Management System, April 2017 - March 2020  Swami Vivekanand Academy Aurangabad , Maharashtra Matriculation; Percentage: 77.60% April 2016 - March 2017