KRISHNA KANT Uttar Pradesh  ETAH 207001 0987krishna09@gmail.com +91 7505032661 GitHub: https://github.com/krishnakant3 CAREER OBJECTIVE As a web developer, my objective is to create user-friendly and efficient websites that are visually appealing and easy to navigate. I utilize my skills in HTML, CSS and Bootstrap to develop websites that meet all the requirements of the client. My goal is to provide clients with a high-quality product that meets their expectations and needs. EDUCATION Master of Computer Application from, Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology with 80 % Bachelor of Computer Applications from, GLA University, Mathura with 76% Intermediate, SRBB Inter College Etah with 59% High School, SRBB Inter College Etah 74% PROJECTS PG Life Pursuing June 2023 June 2019 June 2017  This Project is based on web development. The focus of this project is on those peoples whos searching the PGs  Collaborated with a team of three to design and implement the portal using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, React JavaScript and MongoDB. BCA WEB PORTAL  This Project is based on web development. The focus of this project is on those students whos wants to prepare themselves for exams, but they have not any notes because this website gives them notes and previous year paper for studying.  Collaborated with a team of three to design and implement the portal using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript HUMAN SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY DETECTION(AI)  It automatically detects and identifies suspicious human activities in real-time, enhancing security and safety by analyzing video feeds or other sensor data.  The system will utilize machine learning, computer vision, and other AI techniques to recognize unusual behaviors, such as loitering, unauthorized access, or potential threats, and promptly alert security personnel or trigger automated responses to prevent incidents. SKILLS  Programming Languages: Python and Java  Database: SQL, Oracle and MongoDB  Web Technology: HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap  Quick learner with good grasping ability  Action-oriented and result-focused  Lead & work as a team in an organized way  Great time management skill EXTRA/CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Have been a Abacus Member of GLA University  Participation in quizzes GLA University CERTIFICATE  Tech Next Gen Technology (AI)  Linux Command Line for Beginners   Design Thinking for Innovation  Tantra (The Coding Challenge Introduction to Python Self Declaration  I hereby insist that the information provided is accurate to the best of my facts and belief.