Deepak Kumar Ph.no: +919899809204 Email: deepak143449@gmail.com : https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepak- kumar-9909ba190/ CAREER SUMMARY: Enthusiastic engineer with practical knowledge in coding. Proficient in C++ and Data structures algorithm. Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly. Capability to work in teams by providing valuable support and going extra miles. EDUCATION Bhagwan Parshuram Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Board of Technical Education Diploma in Computer Engineering PROJECTS 20212024 CGPA: 7 . 9 9 20182021 Perc.: 67.94% RESTAURANT WEBSITE (FOODIO) html, css, js A restaurant Website Foodio on which you can order your favorite food any time. The purpose of this restaurant website is to create innovative and diverse menus at Foodio, enhancing customer satisfaction and asking them for feedback to improve it. Project link: https://foodioo.netlify.app/ May 2022  July 2022 Dec 2022  Jan 2023 TECH HUB (E-COMMERCE) WEBSITE - html, css, js Tech hub is an E-commerce website or place which specifically designed and developed for corporate people where they could buy all their day-to- day lifestyles goods at one place. It was such a wonderful experience to learn and work on this technology. EXTRACT COMMENTS FROM A SOURCE CODE Website - html, c s s , js, c++, java, python Implemented a robust system to extract comments from source code, improving code readability and facilitating maintenance and debugging. The extracted code is used in the document formation. It is a team project, where my role is to design the layout of the website. June 2023 Apr 2024 CERTIFICATION The Complete 2023 Web Development Bootcamp Udemy-Angela Yu The Complete 2023 Web Development Bootcamp, a comprehensive training program that equipped me with the skills and knowledge to become a Full-Stack Web Developer. This intensive course covered a wide range of web development technologies and tools, enabling me to excel in both front-end and back-end development. C++ Programming - Beginner to Advance Udemy-Abdul Bari I completed the Learn C++ Programming - Beginner to Advance course, which provided a comprehensive and in-depth exploration of C++ programming. This course encompassed both theoretical knowledge and practical hands-on sessions, making it ideal for individuals pursuing both academic excellence and industry readiness. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C/C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, CN Frameworks and Developer Tools: VS Code, git and GitHub Soft Skills: Teamwork, Leadership Technical Courses: Data Structures and Algorithms, Database Management Systems, OOPS