Resume Sona Sharma +91-9810949013 sona.sharma2183@gmail.com https://linkedin.com/in/sona-sharma-718045227 github.com/sona2108 Objective To gain experience in my last semester of Internship and pursue employment with a reputed organisation I am undergraduate student of Bachelor of Technology - Computer and Communications Engineering with strong communication and interpersonal skills. I am enhancing my skills in Python, Data Science, Machine Learning and OpenAI. Education  B. Tech (CCE) Manipal University, Jaipur from August 2021  May 2025 with 7.44 CGPA till date  10+2 from Central Board of Secondary Education 2020 with 85%  10th from Central Board of Secondary Education 2018 with 78% Technical Skills  Languages  Databases  Developer Tools  Artificial Intelligence  Tools : Python, : Microsoft SQL Server, MYSQL : VS Code, Git & GitHub : AzureAI : Microsoft 365  Excel, Word, PowerPoint Projects Voice Recognition AI-Bot  Developed an AI-powered chatbot that can respond to user input and carry on conversations was put into place.  Built a Voice Recognition System that records and interprets user commands by utilising the  SpeechRecognition library in Python. Incorporated Web browsing features that allow users to use voice commands to open websites, such as Google and YouTube.  Added personal assistant features like getting the time, launching music and zoom apps. Twitter Bot  Developed a Twitterbot using Python and Twitter API.  Created automated engagement features that react to user interactions and retweet and like content.  Used natural language processing (NLP) methods to provide context-aware responses and sentiment analysis. Achievements Creative Head at RandomizeMuj  Developed creative and engaging ideas to create a brand of the club.  Successfully executed major marketing and promotion strategies to understand the targeted audience.  Research work on domains and finding speakers.  Registered more than 500 participants on every event.  Maintained Social media handles of the club. Volunteering  Medito Foundation