Sushumna P CAREER OBJECTIVE To work in an industry where my experience and abilities can be put into practice to create/ensure a safe and secure working environment for the benefit of the company and its personnel for which I am selected to work. Acquire knowledge by getting in touch with the latest tools to further augment my capabilities and put it into daily use to the optimum level. EDUCATION  Masters of Business Administration from Gitam University Year of passing - 2019  Bachelor of Commerce from Bangalore University Year of passing - 2015 CERTIFICATION  SHRM Certification from ProTouch Year - 2024  Advanced MS Excel with ChatGPT & AI Year - 2024 WORK EXPERIENCE  Jain Technologies from January 2019 - December 2023 Designation: Recruiter L-3 (Human Resources Consultant) HUMAN RESOURCES CONSULTANT Skills: MS Excel, Power BI with AI & Chat GPT, Talent Acquisition, Team Management, Management Skills, Administrative Activities, Vendor Management, SHRM Certification. Summary:  Self-motivated HR Professional with 5 years of experience in Human Resources.  Responsible for aligning business objectives with employees and management in designated business units.  Working closely with client management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.  Strategic thinker with ability to achieve results while building relationships at all levels of organization.  Bringing to the table the ability to think outside the box and develop the best possible solution to any given problem. Roles & Responsibilities Includes:  Responsible for sourcing, headhunting and short listing applicants for volume and lateral hiring.  Coordination of recruitment process & inviting job applicants for interview.  Interacted with hiring managers to understand the current and future needs of the organization, directly impacting the successful selection and timely placement of critical positions/ niche requirements.  Writing up weekly reports to the manager on complete work updates.  Manage MIS support for Attrition analysis, includes- analyzing exit interviews, separation type and highlighting important aspects for a better workforce.  Manage and provide continuous support in performance management and talent development for clients.  Responsible for onboarding in hiring associates based on business forecasts. Post selection, coordinate with candidates and arrange for their onboarding.  Managing the employee lifecycle from Induction to Exit  Consulting with line management and daily HR Guidance and employee engagement.  Implement innovative solutions for a variety of employee engagement initiatives.  During on-boarding, generating the employee code and candidate profile updating on behalf of the client.  Support in implementing HR policies and practices as designed by the client / HR-Heads.  Maintaining various filing systems, ensuring security and confidentiality of employees personnel records / files attendance and leaves on the clients company portal.  Holding internal training, orientation and development programs for clients.  Manage multiple tasks and action items (documentation, follow-up and preparation) ensuring appropriate and timely action on deliverables.  Exit management co-ordinate with employees after resignation, deactivation, rollback, LWD confirmation/extension and entire exit formality for clients.  Responsible for the exit interview and provide a report to the respective client/parent company. DECLARATION I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I take full responsibility to furnish any of the above cited information, on prior intimation. Place: Bangalore Date: Sushumna P