Manish Kumar Gupta +91 9905895259 | manishgu231@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/Manish | github.com/heismanish Summary Highly motivated IT undergraduate (3rd year) with a strong foundation in web development technologies. Proven ability to learn quickly and apply knowledge through hands-on projects. Skilled in JavaScript/Typescript, React.js, Next.js, Express.js, Node.js, REST GraphQL APIs. Eager to leverage these skills to contribute to a dynamic web development environment. Projects Socially | Firebase, TypeScript, React.js  Developed a dynamic micro-blogging platform using Firebase and TypeScript within the Vite framework.  Implemented robust user authorization features, ensuring secure access and interaction.  Enabled users to create, edit, and delete their own posts, enhancing user control and experience.  Integrated a responsive liking system, enabling users to like/unlike posts and view real-time like counts for each post. Real-time Voting System | Typescript,Next.js, Redis, WebSockets, ShadCN  Developed a real-time voting system using Next.js, Redis, and WebSockets, allowing users to select topics and vote on opinions.  Implemented a dynamic text wall where opinions are displayed based on vote count, utilizing an Airbnb library for scalable text rendering.  Overcame the challenge of real-time opinion updates by designing and deploying a dedicated WebSocket server.  Leveraged TypeScript for enhanced code reliability and maintainability in both frontend and backend.  Ensured seamless real-time updates of casted votes, enhancing user engagement and interaction with the platform. Anime Bucket | NextJS 14, AuthJS, MongoDB, TailwindCSS,Framer Motion, Vercel  Developed and deployed a web application for anime fans to track and organize their favorite shows.  Leveraged Next.js 14 to build a user-friendly and performant application.  Utilized MongoDB for scalable data storage to manage user tracking information.  Optimized data fetching through Next.js server actions for fast and efficient performance.  Enhanced user experience with infinite scrolling functionality powered by Framer Motion. Snappy | Next.js,Typescript, MongoDB,ShadCN  Developed a web application similar to Snapchat using Next.js, TypeScript, MongoDB, NextAuth for authentication (GitHub and Google OAuth), and Cloudinary for image storage.  Implemented features for sending images/text to individual users and multiple users simultaneously.  Designed a user interface with a sidebar for friends list and a chat interface for real-time messaging and image sharing.  Managed message statuses (sent/received/opened) for images and texts within the application.  Overcame challenges in handling images by using Blob conversion for storage and rendering in chats, ensuring efficient image management and display. Technical Skills Languages: Java, JavaScript, Typescript, Golang, HTML/CSS Frameworks and Libraries: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, TailwindCSS, Bootstrap, Recoil and Redux-Toolkit Databases: MongoDb and Postgres Developer Tools: Git, Github, GraphQL, Vercel, Firebase, Linux, Docker, CI/CD(Github Actions), AWS EC2 Core: OOPs, Operating System, Computer Networks, DBMS Education Bhagwan Parashuram Institute of Technology Bachelors of Technology in Information Technology Cambrian Public School High School Delhi, India 2021  2025 Ranchi,Jharkhand 2018  2020