Vision: To help customers build efficient and agile sales teams. Mission: To offer the best high-velocity sales technology platform for sales teams globally. Sales Transformation & Marketing Automation Platform For Languify Enabling Businesses Globally Since 2011 2000+ Employees 12+ Years National Startup Award 2021 recognized by Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade 3000+ Organizations Secure GDPR, HIPPA & ISO 27001 G2  Enterprise Systems Sector G2 - LeadSquared Sales + Mobile CRM Category 300K+ Mobile Users 400K+ Users Globally Global Offices UAE (Dubai),India (Bangalore HO, Mumbai & Delhi) USA, South Africa A  Multi-lingual (Currently available in English and Hindi with more languages to come) Top Rated CRM Solution Top Rated CRM Solution Marketing Automation Company of the Year LeadSquared turns unicorn with $153 mn funding from WestBridge Capital Our Customers We have provided extensive Digital Transformation services to clients across multiple sectors FEW CUSTOMERS FEW CUSTOMERS Boost Your Sales Teams Efficiency Vijay Rajagopal Head of Sales and Business Development LeadSquared Differentiation End-to-End Sales Platform Low-Cost Code Developer Platform Low TCO Sales Process Builder Sales Execution Platform Prospect Journey Builder Field Force Automation Call Center Optimization Sales Regimentation Developer Platform Analytics No Code Workflow Builder LAPPS (Low Code Developer Interface) APIs/Webhooks Open Application Marketplaces Enterprise - Grade Security Meets globally accepted compliance and data security protocols - ISO, GDPR etc. 100% cloud-based, hosted on AWS. Protected with WAF and other AWS security services Fast Implementation: Can be implemented in a few hours. Even the most complex use cases can be up and running within 6-8 weeks No/Low Code Usage No Partner Dependency Platform Flexibility - modify marketing, sales and operations workflows on the go Easy adoption across teams and hierarchies Easy Developer Interface for those who need it Confidential For the Customer MFA Segregation of roles AD/ SSO Authentication Admins can mandate security settings Permission Templates Audit Logs Data Privacy Settings like double opt-in, cookie consent and "Forget me" link Product Security VAPT Tests     Standards like OWASP, SANS etc. Internal Testing Third Party VAPT tests once in 6 months  API  Web App  Mobile Platforms Fill loopholes and make the system more secure  Continuous Process Backend Web Application Firewall (Cloudflare) Separate Dev / Test / Stage / Prod Environments Alerts and Monitoring Patch and Release Security Testing IAM  Principle of Least Privilege Encryption  TLS 1.2 for data in transit and AES 256 bit for data at rest Incident Management Change Management BCP DR Confidential Commercials PROPOSED SOLUTION Sales CRM PRO Plan LeadSquared CRM Pricing Plans (Link) PLAN FEATURES     Email Support Email Campaigns Lead Distribution Rules and Notifications  User Groups  Webhooks       Lead Tracking Lead Qualification Lead Scoring Sales Tracking Trackable Sales Email Email Integration  Mobile CRM  User Roles  Developer API PLAN PRICING SALES CRM PRO PLAN Pro- Yearly Plan  1,00,000 Contacts limit CONTENT DETAILS LISTED PRICE PROPOSED PRICE Web + Mobile Login Web + Mobile Users: 5  2,500 /User/Month  1,800/User/Month Mobile+Web Yearly Subscription Cost (A) Web+Mobile Users: 5 *  1,800 =  9,000 (Monthly) 12 Months *  9,000 =  1,08,000 (Yearly)  1,08,000 (Yearly) Connectors (B) 1. Nudge and Carter 2. Email Sync Connector  1,500/Month  18,000 (yearly) One-Time Setup and Training Cost (C)    Setup & Onboarding Online Admin & User Training Account Manager Sub Total (A + B + C)  10,000 (Onetime)  1,36,000 + 18% GST Top-Up Price Additional Desktop Users Additional Mobile WhatsApp Business Messaging Connector Extra 10,000 Email Credits  2,000 /User/Month  1,000 /User/Month 2 Paise/message  1,000 /Month PAYMENT TERMS BILLING AND PAYMENT Terms 100% advance Payment against Proforma Invoice or Tax Invoice   Credit Period: 15 days (Payment delay beyond credit period can lead to account suspension)  10 % increase in Subscription Cost during renewal/ Referral / Case Study Annual Renewal payment to be made on or within 7 days before Subscription End Date / Renewal Date Payment Method Cheque / NEFT / Credit Card Additional Details - - - - - Yearly contract term i.e., billed Yearly. Advance Yearly Subscription Cost + One Time Implementation Cost to be paid Up-front. The implementation cost does not include the cost for integration with any third-party system apart from mentioned connectors in one-time setup fee section. Please contact your LeadSquared Sales Representative to know about One Time Integration Cost with 3rd party Solutions. For landing page and webform integration we will train your IT Team on how to consume our open source APIs to do the easy integration. Please refer our API Docx. at http://apidocs.leadsquared.com/ This proposal covers the default features of LeadSquareds Sales + Mobile Super Plan. Any feasible additional scope which requires custom work will be charged on man-day efforts. LeadSquared Setup and On-boarding Methodology Preparation Phase Setup Phase This phase provides initial planning and preparation for the on- The purpose of this phase is to configure out of the box functionalities in LeadSquared system based boarding process. Each on-boarding has its own unique objectives, on the data provided by the customer. In parallel integration developments identified and agreed scope, and priorities. The deliverables described in this phase assist upon will be initiated. in completing the initiation and planning steps in an efficient and During this phase LeadSquared customer success team will also initiate the discussion on the effective manner  like setup of customer success team, detailed import of legacy lead data. We expect to get the lead data in agreed csv format. configuration plan and schedule are prepared at this stage. Different steps to complete the configuration data will be as below     Customer account setup readiness related activities are undertaken in addition to completing the Pre-Business Process Review questionnaire. Implementation plan and requirements mentioned in the proposal and order form are reiterated. Customer success team will discuss the solutions with respect to the business case and how to streamline the customers process in LeadSquared. All the data required for the configuration of the set up will be explained to customers technical team and the same needs to be provided by customer. Statement of work will be derived from the requirements mentioned during proposal and if any new requirements are identified then it will be considered as change request and change control process will be invoked.     Complete basic settings: This includes the configuration of company account profile, company logo, email signatures, configure users, configure user permissions and configure user groups Customization: This includes creation of custom fields as per the customer business needs, configuring the mandatory constraints, creating logical sections by grouping of the fields created, setting up the order of the fields, includes designing the lead form for mobile application, designing quick add forms, designing pop up form. Advanced settings: This includes setting up lead tracking, install website tracking script, configuration of website and landing page domains, SPF/DKIM settings for emails. Lead settings: This includes customizing Lead stages as per business needs, setting up custom lead sources, setting up lead scoring, setting up custom lead activities, setting up lead engagement scoring, setup revenue activities and more.    Connect LeadSquared with your lead sources: Hand hold customer for setting up capture leads from customer website apps using LeadSquared API, connect online ads with LeadSquared. Configuring apps: This includes installation of all required apps as per the agreed scope like lead distribution automation, email sync, etc. Data import: LeadSquared customer success team will validate the data providing by customer pertaining to lead import, map the fields from CSV file to LeadSquared fields. If not present then create custom fields, import the data into the system. Quality Assurance and Training Phase Go Live and Hypercare support Once the configuration, developments and data import are During this phase customer will be live with LeadSquared solution. This completed LeadSquared customer success team will internally phase will result in the successful Implementation and conduct a quality assurance process to validate the process and LeadSquared customer success team will provide sustained support to overall functionalities implemented. Upon completion of quality customer users to aid their transition. During this phase knowledge assurance LeadSquared customer success team will demonstrate the dissemination is been done to LeadSquared support team so that complete system to customer. This demonstration will help customer to customer can avail continual support for smooth usage of understand and experience complete end to end system. implemented LeadSquared System. - - - - - - - - - - During this phase customer will also recommend process champions who will be trained by LeadSquared customer success team on the product functionalities and implemented processes. Different levels of training sessions that will be provided are as below Users training  process wise Marketing training Admin module training Training on demand with respect to clarifications or doubts from the users Audit sessions Customer will also test the report formats and dashboards. LeadSquared customer success team will ensure to address any gaps identified by the customer. LeadSquared customer success team will share all the training artefacts and recorded training sessions for future references. Thank You Get In Touch With Us marketing@leadsquared.com As featured in