Aditya Kumar Singh Gama 1, Greater Noida, Gautam Budh Nagar (cid:131) 8000868197 # adityakumarsingh84260@gmail.com (cid:239) aditya-kumar-singh-607100241  Aditya9103 (cid:18) Summary Enthusiastic Computer Science student with a solid foundation in programming, algorithms, and data structures. Proficient in Java ,MERN stack . Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for learning and adapting to new technologies. Currently seeking internships/opportunities to apply academic knowledge in a practical setting and contribute effectively to innovative projects Technical Skills Programming Languages: Java (DSA), JavaScript, Python, SQL, HTML/CSS Web Development:React.js, Next.js, Node.js, Express.js, Redux Toolkit, Tailwind, DOM Development Tools:Git, VSCode, Cloud Computing Projects Learning Management System (LMS) | Mern stack Visit | Code , October 2023  A comprehensive Learning Management System developed using the MERN (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, Node.js) stack. This project facilitates online learning, including features such as user authentication, course management, content delivery.  In this Web-app, you can create new courses, modules, and users. You can assign these modules to instructors and students  There are three roles: Students can only view and complete course material, Instructors can create and manage course content, and Admins have full access including user management and system settings.  Implemented JWT Web-token for encryption and decryption purposes and used Redux Toolkit for state management. Multiple Diseases Prediction System | Machine Learning, Streamlit Visit | Code , January 2024  This is a simple web application where users can predict multiple diseases based on various input features.  The app contains lots of features and functionalities including predictions for diseases such as Diabetes, Parkinsons disease, Heart disease, and Breast cancer  The machine learning models used in this application are trained on relevant datasets to make accurate predictions.  I have used Streamlit for the frontend interface, various machine learning algorithms for prediction models, and Python for backend processing. POKEDEX | React Visit | Code , April 2023  This is a full stack web application where users can search and view details about different Pokemon  The app contains features such as searching for Pokemon by name or ID, viewing detailed information about each Pokemon, and browsing through a list of all available Pokemon.  The application uses the PokeAPI to fetch data and display it dynamically using React components.  I have used React.js for the frontend, integrated with the PokeAPI for fetching data, and applied CSS for styling the components. Education Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology,Greater Noida Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science 12th Indra Gandhi Shivnath Singh college Gopalganj 10th UMS bhagwanpur gopalganj Experience Sep. 2021  present 7.45 CGPA May. 2018  May 2020 May. 2016  May 2018  Created full-stack websites using the MERN stack Technology, utilizing MongoDB, Express.js, Node.js for backend Part, and React.js for the frontend Part .  Progressively solving data structures and algorithm problems on platforms like LeetCode and and Codeforces, primarily using JAVA .  Continuously learning and creating mini-projects, which can be found on my GitHub account . Achievements  solve 150 LeetCode problems  Essential Google Cloud Infrastructure: Foundation certified by Google Cloud (CourseEra). Link