Subham Swarup Pradhan Bhubaneswar, Odisha  +91 9861440874 R subhamswaruppradhan2580@gmail.com  Linkedin  Github Education Lovely Professional University Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology(CGPA of 7.84) August 2020 - June 2024 Punjab, India Technical Skills Languages: C++ , C Web Dev: HTML , CSS , JavaScript , Node Js , React Js , Express Js , MongoDB , Next Js , Git Specialities: Data Structures and Algorithms , Object Oriented Programming Projects Ecommerce Website | React JS, Node JS, Express JS, MongoDB | Link  Developed a website oering a diverse range of products, enabling users to make real purchases through secure payment integration and utilize an ecient search and lter.  User authentication features like register, login, forgot and reset passwords.  User can also give reviews and comment on any product and use cookies to stay login.  Admin can add, edit, remove any product.  Admin having list of order and stock of all products.  There is an admin panel that has multiple option like dashboard, product, order, review, user from where admin can control. Memories | HTML/CSS, React JS, JavaScript | Link  Developed React web app having features like create post, like, update post, comment, user login, search by keyword and by tags also. Crypto Tracker | React JS, Material UI, Chart JS | Link  Built a completely responsive Crypto Tracker website using React JS to show historical chart of all tranding coins  Learnt the working of rebase in backend and analyzed the working Coin Geco API. Achievements  Solved over 400+ problems in Leetcode.  1500 (max)rating in LeetCode.  Scored 900+ rating on Codeforces.  Joined NCC and was selected for the National Parade for the Republic day in 2017.  Solved more than 1000+ problems across platforms Certicate DSA Self paced | Link  Earned the knowledge of data structure and algorithms also completed 300+ practice problems while doing this course.  Answered 700+ practice problem by the knowledge of DSA. The complete web development bootcamp | Link  Accomplished the Responsive web design course oered by Udemy representing approximately 70 hours of course work.  Gained the knowledge about responsiveness of website design. Prole Links  Codechef  Codeforces  Leetcode  GeeksforGeeks