arpit360raj@gmail.com Arpit Raj (cid:211) +91-9135036704 (cid:135) github.com/arpitraj96 linkedin.com/in/arpitraj360 Summary Results-driven Engineering undergraduate with a strong background in IoT and Application development, eager to utilize my skills and theoretical knowledge across diverse settings. Seeking an entry-level position in an organisation where I can leverage my technical skills and expertise to contribute to innovative projects in a dynamic tech environment. Education B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (IoT) Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Greater Noida, UP GPA: 8.40/10.0 2021 - 2025 Experience Application Developer Signodes, NIET Aug 2021 - Present  Collaborated with development team to design and implement scalable applications for the institute.  Organised various workshop sessions and provided mentorship to junior members. Founding Member and Research Associate 360 Research Foundation Jan 2017 - Present  Collaborating to drive groundbreaking research, foster knowledge-sharing, and creating lasting solu- tions for a brighter future.  Taken numerous sessions as lead student researcher at 360 Research and Innovation Group. Projects  M3R Tech Used: Arduino, ESP, React Native, Firebase, React, JavaScript M3R (Monitoring, Metering, Mechanization and Retrofitting) is a cutting-edge project focused on modernizing existing infrastructure management and operation. It utilizes advanced sensors and mobile apps for real-time monitoring, resource optimization and improved user control.  Medisphere Tech Used: React Native, Firebase A mobile application for healthcare industry with features like consultancy and appointment scheduling, including functionalities for Login/SignUp, Profile Management, and Appointment Booking. Skills Programming Languages: Python, C/C++, Java App Development: IoT Technologies: Tools and Platforms: React Native, Android Studio, Firebase Arduino, Raspberry Pi, ESP Git, GitHub, VS Code Certifications  IoT Devices (with Honors) - Coursera  Programming using Java - Infosys Springboard  Build an Azure AI Vision Solution - Microsoft  Introduction to Artificial Intelligence - Coursera Activities  Instructor, Introduction to IoT Workshop Led an 8-hour workshop at NIET for 2nd-year engineering students, covering IoT components, Arduino programming, and practical applications. Facilitated hands-on learning with Arduino IDE and Tinkercad to simulate IoT projects, fostering technical skills and innovation among participants.