Niharika Bhogathi  Niharika-bhogathi | (cid:239) Niharika | # bhogathiniharika@gmail.com | H +91 9346611849 Experience Forage Internship 2024 Completed a simulation focused on advising a hypothetical social media client as a Data Analyst at Accenture. Cleaned, modeled, and analyzed 7 datasets to uncover insights into content trends to inform strategic decisions. Prepared a PowerPoint deck and video presentation to communicate key insights for the client and internal stakeholders. Projects Exploratory Data Analysis on Retail Data with Python Conducted thorough data analysis to extract insights into sales patterns and top-selling products. Utilized Python libraries such as Pandas, Matplotlib, and Seaborn. Performed data cleaning, handled missing values, and conducted RFM (Recency, Frequency, Monetary) analysis to understand insights for business improvement. Product Recommendation System Developed a product recommendation system using collaborative filtering and Singular Value Decompo- sition to provide personalized product suggestions based on user ratings. Implemented data preprocessing, EDA, and model evaluation to ensure high accuracy and improved user experience. Data Visualization through Power BI Conducted a comprehensive analysis of over 80,000 rows of sales data using Power BI. Addressed missing values and data inconsistencies to ensure data integrity. Utilized bar charts and pie charts to analyze revenue, sales trends, and identify top-performing products and markets. Education 2021 - 2025 B.Tech (CSE), SRM University AP 2020 - 2021 Class 12th, Board of Intermediate Education 2018 - 2019 Class 10th, Board of Secondary Education (GPA: 8.30/10.0) (Grade: 9.78/10.0) (Grade: 10.0/10.0) Skills Programming Languages Python, SQL Office Suite Database Management Data Analysis Tools Development Tools MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, Power BI MySQL Server Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn Git, GitHub, Visual Studio Code Certification Python (Basic), SQL (Basic) HackerRank Coursera Introduction to Cloud Computing Forage Internship Data Analytics Virtual Experience