Haasitha Ambati  haasithaambati | (cid:239) haasitha-ambati | # haasithaambati@gmail.com | H +91 9398692007 CAREER OBJECTIVE A motivated and hardworking Computer Science student seeking a responsible position to apply learned skills and concepts, gain practical knowledge, and contribute to the companys progress and long-term goals, while fostering professional growth. WORK EXPERIENCE Salesforce Developer  Smart Internz, Virtual Internship May 2024 - Jun 2023  Gained hands-on experience with the Salesforce platform, developed custom Apex code and LWCs, and implemented process automation solutions. Data Analyst  APSSDC, Virtual Internship Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Utilized Python, Pandas, and Numpy for cleaning, analyzing, and visualizing credit card data, revealing insights to enhance decision-making and effectively communicate patterns. Data Analyst  IBM SkillsBuild Jun 2023 - Aug 2023  Gained deep data analysis understanding and utilized various tools to analyze sales data for a superstore. Proficient in trend identification and query execution for optimizing business performance. PROJECTS Health and Fitness Website The aim of this project is to provide users with comprehensive fitness and nutrition guidance.We used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP to develop this website, and we used the XAMPP server to interact with databases on the back-end. Personal Financial Dashboard using Power BI Developed a comprehensive Power BI personal financial dashboard, consolidating income, expenses, savings, and investments; pro- vided a holistic view of finances, enabling users to make informed financial decisions and increase savings. Customer Segmentation Analysis using K-Means Algorithm Leveraging KMeans Clustering and achieving a max silhouette score of 0.5539, this project transforms retail through data-driven customer segmentation, enabling targeted marketing and driving strategic decision-making. SKILLS Technical Skills: Analytical Tools: Databases: Additional Skills: XAMPP, Microsoft Office Suite, Canva, Time management, Problem solving, Adaptability, Organisational skills. Python, Data Visualization, SQL, JavaScript, DBMS, HTML5, Data Warehousing and Mining PyData ecosystem, Power BI, Jupyter Notebook, Excel MySQL EDUCATION 2021 - 2025 BTech CSE (Specialization in Big Data Analytics) at SRM University, AP 2021 2019 Class 12th (BIEAP Board) at Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Tenali Class 10th (CBSE Board) at West Berry School, Tenali (CGPA:8.87/10) (96.1%) (87.8%) ADDITIONAL DETAILS  HackerRank : Certification in Python & Problem solving.  Cisco : Certification in Data Analytics.  ServiceNow : Micro certification in ServiceNow.  IBM SkillsBuild : Certification in Applied Data Science.