Resume ABISHEKREDDY B Email: abishekreddy41@gmail.com Phonenumber:9611239145 Career Objective: Aim to work in a challenging work environment where I can utilize my expertise in resolving the business requirements and employe my skills towards the growth of the organization. Company: HDB financial services ( HDFC) Role : operations analyst (FEB2020-NOV2022) backend operations, KYC process and cards settlements *Performing the end to end kyc banking and supporting month end closure activities. * Review the screening of existing kyc records screening for sanctions PEPs. *Review new and existing customers accounts and verify their identities. * Complete KYC on boarding for the new and pre-existing customers. * Maintaining records and documents of kyc and AML activities. *Managing the of banking governance operation global treasury function. *Handling branch operations including cheques and deposits by the bank, *Provide training and support on KYC and AML issues and procedures and compliance requirements. *Preparing cards settlements and upload kyc documents using tools bulk sms phonon. *Checking customer KYC to ensure the document matches with his/her banks portfolio. Understanding AML,KYC and customer due diligence. *knowledge Microsoft office - excel, word V lookup, H lookup,pivot table. *preparing and sending of various daily and control reports to the higher management levels. *preparing of MIS reports daily basis activities. SKILLS: Branch operations, KYC operations, customer service, Team leadership. TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE:4.3 YEARS Role: Trade finance operations Professional experience: Client: JP Morgan Chase and Co - ( corporate and investment banking) (DEC 2022- march 2024) Trade finance operations and trade settlements AML *Transaction processing the trade open accounts transactions, walmart transactions and lowes transactions. *preparing compliance screening and AML checklist each transaction. *Ensureing compliance with regulatory standards and internal policies. *knowledge of Swift message letter of credit, collection in process export and import transactions.handling for export and import transactions. *Generate reports and analyze date to identify trends discrepancies. *Checking mandatory documents as cover letter, commercial invoice, cargo receipt, seaway bill certificate of origin etc each transaction. *Collaborate with internal teams including compliance and AML risk management. *Identifying red flags and OFAC regulatory/AML and Boycott language the transaction. *Preparing financial reports and timely escalations client service team. Review and action the all transactions. *knowledge of Microsoft Excel, word, PowerPoint. Education MBA (master of business application). ( finance and marketing) The Oxford college of engineering Bangalore 2017-2019 (60%) BCOM (bachelors of commerce). National college bagepalli. PUC Swami Vivekanand pu college Bagepalli SSLC Bagepalli 2014-2017 (65%) 2012-2014 (81%) 2011-2012 (63%) PERSONAL SKILL: Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent verbal And written communication skills Projects: ORGANIZATION :Swastika investment private ltd project tittle: A study on performance of market index DURATION: Three month Key Skills: Good in Accounting Basic computer skills. PERSONALDATA Date of Birth: May15th1996 Gender.: male Nationality: Indian Marital Status: Single Languages Known: English, Kannada, Telugu Address::#4581 stmain1st cross vartur Madhura nagar Whitefield, marathalli Bangalore 560087 Declaration I hereby declare that the particulars furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. Given an opportunity to work in your esteemed organization, I would put inmy best efforts for the overall success of the organization by adding great value. Place: Bangalore Abishekreddy