KALISETTY NAVADEEP  Navadeep | (cid:239) Navadeep | # kalisettynavadeep@gmail.com | H +91 9392672699 Work Experience Intern at APSSDC October 2023 - November 2023 During my internship at APSSDC from October to November, I engaged in impactful projects. Firstly, I contributed to an in-house price prediction project, forecasting trends and patterns in market prices I have been trained with django framework and gained a hands on experience by active participation in projects. July 2024 - August 2024 Intern at Oasis Infobyte During my internship at Oasis Infobyte from February to March, I have contributed to an Weather website project, forecasting trends and patterns in climate and predicting the condition of the climate Lastly, I played a key role in a project, enhancing the understanding of factors influencing wine qual- ity.My work contributed to the successful completion of these projects, providing valuable hands-on experience in data analysis and machine learning. Projects GitHub link Gym Management System  Integrated automated reporting features, improving data accuracy and enabling timely decision-making for effective resource allocation within the gym facility.  Developed and implemented a user-friendly Gym Management System, streamlining member registra- tion, to enhance overall operational efficiency. GitHub link Fake News Detection  Fake news on social media, has spread for personal or societal gain. Detecting fake news is a multi-step procedure that entails analysing the content of the news to assess its trustworthiness. The article has proposed a new solution for fake news detection which incorporates sentiment as an important feature to improve the accuracy with two different data sets of ISOT and LIAR. Online Voting using Face Recognization GitHub link  Developed and implemented an efficient and secure online voting system, ensuring accessibility and convenience for voters while maintaining the integrity of the electoral process.  Employed advanced encryption and authentication measures to safeguard voter information and election results, contributing to a transparent and trustworthy digital voting experience. Education 2023 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM UNIVERSITY AP Andhra Pradesh Board of Intermediate Education 2022 Class 10th 2021 (CGPA: 7.8/10) (93.%) (CGPA 9.5/10.0) Skills Technical Skills: Java, Python,C++,SQL Soft Skills: Languages: Concepts: Problem Solving,Adaptability,Creativity,Critical Thinking,Communication Fluent English, Hindi,Telugu. Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating System, DBMS, Data Warehousing and Mining, Applied Data Science, Computer Networks, Software Engineering