9721490618 github.com/Sriansh17 Sriansh Raj uni80085@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/sriansh-raj-8b9227228 https://leetcode.com/u/Sriansh_Raj/ Education 2021/08  2025/07 Jaipur, India Bachelor of Technology Manipal University Jaipur Skills Technical Skills Soft Leadership Communication skills Time Management C++ JAVA Javascript Flutter Dart Python SQL OOPs Projects 2024/05  present SpeedShop Developed an in-store shopping assistance application that guides customers to products through real-time navigation and offers personalized recommendations using machine learning algorithms. Implemented a product categorization and recommendation system that enhances customer experience by providing tailored suggestions based on shopping preferences and behavior. Optimized in-store navigation using an efficient pathfinding algorithm, reducing customer shopping time by offering the shortest routes to products across multiple store floors. Tech stack : Flutter , Flask , Python , Figma , Deep Learning 2024/01  2024/04 Automatic Number Plate Detection Built a real-time number plate recognition system that detects and recognizes vehicle plates with high accuracy. Integrated deep learning-based models to automate the verification of vehicle documents, improving efficiency. Utilized image processing techniques like edge detection and character recognition to process number plates. Tech Stack: Python, OpenCV, deep learning, machine learning models. 2023/10  2023/12 Smart Navigator Developed an indoor navigation app for visually impaired users to find directions in unknown buildings or workspaces. Integrated location tracking and accessible navigation features, ensuring minimal visual interaction for enhanced user experience. Designed a user-friendly interface that focuses on accessibility, offering real-time guidance to users. Tech Stack: Flutter, Dart. 2022/09  2022/12 Maze Rover Designed and developed a maze-solving rover using autonomous navigation algorithms for real-time obstacle detection and decision-making. Implemented intelligent navigation where the rover turns left when a wall is detected in front and makes a 180- degree right turn when blocked on the left. Programmed the rover to navigate mazes with 90-degree turns, enhancing its ability to handle complex environments. Tech Stack: C++, Arduino board, ultrasonic sensors. Achievements JK Pal Memorial Award Given by Prof. AQ Ansari , Chairperson IEEE Delhi Section for most distinguished performance under IEEE MUJ.  2nd Runner up in WHAT THE HACK A 3 day hackathon organized by IEEE SB MUJ , more than 732 participants. Actively engaged in a 3 months Hackathon by DELL. Total participants 100 , was mentored by the Technical Head of Dell Technologies Best UI in Revamp coducted by IEEE SB MUJ. 100 days badge by Leetcode , awarded to top 4.2% of leetcoders. Solved 200+ problems on Leetcode. Extra-Curriculars Chairperson IEEE SB MUJ Achieved 60% growth for IEEE SB using leadership and technical skills. Led a team of 150+ members Conducted a PAN-INDIA Hacakthon with a footfall of 25+ teams. Conducted Genesis 3.0 , the largest technical fest with a footfall of 2000+ students Director TEDx Led the organizing committee to successfully plan and execute TEDx events, ensuring alignment with the global TEDx standards and creating impactful experiences for attendees. Managed cross-functional teams, overseeing event planning, speaker selection, logistics, and marketing to deliver a seamless and engaging event experience. Collaborated with industry professionals, influential speakers, and university leadership to curate thought-provoking sessions that inspired and educated the audience.