Premitha Chennupati  premithach | (cid:239) premitha chennupati | (cid:128) https://premitha-portfolio.vercel.app/ | # premithachennupati@gmail.com | H +91 9396174747 Summary B.Tech student in Computer Science Engineering at SRM University AP. Passionate about real-time problem-solving and coding. Proficient in Python, C++, Java with experience in software development, machine learning.Having an active interest in self-improvement by self-learning and through collaborative efforts with peers and mentors to better my skills and knowledge. Work Experience June 2024  present Data Science Intern - Insignia Consultancy Solutions Assist in data collection, analysis, and visualization projects to support business decision-making pro- cesses. Collaborate with senior data scientists to develop predictive models and derive actionable insights. CodeSwap Solutions Jun 2023 - Aug 2023 Developed a responsive and user-friendly front end for a Quiz Application using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Projects Recipe Finder | React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Recipe Finder is a recipe web application, where a user can search for a variety of recipes and find the ingredients and quantities needed to make each recipe item. Also, favorite recipe items can be saved in the browsers local storage. It is easy to find different recipes for vegetarians and meat eaters, as well as those who want to lose weight. Online Shopping Website | HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL The objective of this project is to provide a robust platform for users to seamlessly browse, select, and purchase products. We used HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PHP to develop this website and used XAMPP server to interact with databases on the back-end. Portfolio Website | HTML, CSS Developed a responsive personal portfolio website using HTML and CSS, showcasing skills, key projects, and professional experience.Features include a project showcase, skills overview, and accessible contact information to engage visitors effectively. Education 2021 - Present Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Class 12th State Board - Sri Chaitanya College Class 10th State Board - Sri Chaitanya High School (GPA: 8.79/10.0) (947/1000) (9.7/10) Skills Languages: C,C++, Python, Java, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript Technologies: React.js Tools: Git, Docker, MySQL, Github, Linux Soft Skills: MS Office Suite, Problem Solving, Leadership, Teamwork, Flexibility, Adaptability Certifications ServiceNow: Completed certification requirements for Micro-Certification - Welcome to ServiceNow