AMAN KUNWAR SOFTWARE DEVELOPER +91 8581863171 amankunwar1212@gmail.com https://linkedin.co/amankumar https://github/kunwaraman Jalandhar, Punjab SUMMARY Self-motivated and ambitious person who a is very much adaptable in nature and has a a creative mind which leads me to finish a work with perfection. TRAINING TECHNICAL SKILLS Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS, JavaScript React.js, Node.js, Bootstrap, Spring boot Programming Languages: Core Java , Advance Java, C++, Swift Platforms: MS-Windows 10|11|Linux | Ubuntu | Tools : V S studio | Virtual Box | Xcode | Intellij Idea CERTIFICATIONS  Data Structure and Algorithm |Programming Pathshala| March23  DSA self-placed |GFG | June22  MERN stack Development | Coding Shuttle| Jan23 R programming|Udemy|Apr23  POWER SKILLS     Inquisitively solves problems. Curious and creative Imaginative and empathetic CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  Hackathon |Programming Pathshala| Feb23 Learnt ReactJS Learn to create reusable components and manage state with React Hooks. Jan23-Feb23 Built several small React projects from scratch, demonstrating a strong understanding of core concepts. Experienced with popular React libraries such as React Router and Redux. Collaborated with others in a team environment, contributing to group projects and actively seeking feedback. Data Structure and Algorithms Apr22-June22  Gained a strong foundation in fundamental data structures like arrays, linked lists, trees, and graphs.  Mastered algorithmic techniques, including sorting, searching, and dynamic programming.  Successfully solved a wide range of complex programming challenges on platforms like LeetCode and HackerRank. PROJECTS Hotel Booking App  Domain: IOS development Jan'23-Feb23   Built a hotel booking application for iOS using Swift and SwiftUI for the front- end development, leveraging Xcode as the primary development environment. Implemented CoreData for local data storage, allowing users to save and manage their bookings offline. Enhanced functionality with features such as "search and filter hotels", "book a room", and "user authentication".  Weather detection website Oct22-Nov22  Domain: Front-end Web Application.   Learnt the concept of JavaScript, HTML, CSS.Used ReactJS I used the OpenWeatherMap API to fetch current weather data.Also used react hooks and modern JavaScript to build this application  Selected as 4 th runner up in Code-thon organized by programming pathshala at University. Jan23 Solved more than 400 problems on leetcode and secured both Feb|March Leetcode challenge batch. March23 Secured 50th Rank on GFG by solving 293 problems with with over all 910 coding   score. Jully23  Used responsive design techniques to ensure websites functioned well across different devices and screen sizes. Nov22  Worked closely with designers to create intuitive and easy-to-navigate interfaces, resulting in improved user satisfaction. Oct22 Friendly and adaptable to working in a team. ' ACHIEVEMENTS  Logical Reasoning |LPU| Sep23 EDUCATION B.Tech. in Computer Science Apr '20-Present Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, IN