Atharva Warang Data Analyst Atharva Warang DOB - 22/07/2002 Kamothe, Navi Mumbai 8898535395 atharvawarang05@gmail.com linkedin.in/atharva-warang Prole Summary A forward-thinking and creative Data Analyst with strong skills in Python, SQL, and data visualization tools like Power-Bi. Proven ability to analyze complex datasets, derive actionable insights, and contribute to business growth. Passionate about learning new technologies and applying them to solve real-world problems.  Skills 1. Technical Skills:  Programming Languages: (Basic) Python (Intermediate), SQL (Intermediate), R  Developer Tools: VS Code, JupyterLab, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Bi, Tableau, MySQL, BigQuery, R-Studio  Data Analysis: Data Cleaning, Data Visualization, Statistical Analysis  Projects Soft Skills: 2.  Strong problem-solving abilities  Excellent communication and teamwork 1.Heart Disease Prediction System Implemented analysis on a heart disease dataset to predict various types of disease using Python and machine learning algorithms and identied that men are at 85% risk of getting heart disease as compared to women. 2.Telecom Churn data Analysis The "Telecom Churn Data Analysis" project was to nd trends and patterns in the telecom company dataset using Python to extract relevant data through various types of charts and analyze the fact that almost 15% of customers are churned. 3. Sales Data Analysis Worked on sales dataset of various types of products and its sales across the United states to analyze the sales by data cleaning and visualizing using Spreadsheets and Power-Bi. Visualization highlighted that 20% of the products contributed to 80% of the revenue, guiding focus on high-revenue items.  Internship Experience 1.Cyber Secured India Internship Nov 2022- Feb 2023 Learned basics of cyber security and completed assigned tasks such as basics of cybersecurity, port scanning, security attacks basics etc. 2. Oasis Infobyte Internship in Data Analytics Apr 2024- May 2024 Implemented data analysis initiatives focusing on sales data. Utilized Excel for organizing and conducting preliminary analysis. Leveraged Python libraries for data cleansing, statistical analysis, and visualization. Delivered actionable insights that enhanced sales strategies.  Co-Curricular Activities 1.Videography Head at CSI PCE Led the creation of engaging videos and content for CSI-PCE college committee's social media. Worked closely with the team to capture memorable workshop and event moments, highlighting strong teamwork and dynamic representation of committee activities. 2. Gaming Content Creator at Youtube Created exceptional gaming content for a YouTube channel with 13K+ subscribers and 2M+ views. Utilized YouTube analytics for strategic planning, showcasing strong communication skills and data-driven optimization. 1. Pillai College of Engineering, Panvel / B-Tech in Information Technology 2020-2024 Marks - 8.89 CGPA 2. K.L.E College of Science, Commerce and Arts / HSC 2018-2020 Marks- 78.77% 3. DAV International School, kharghar / SSC 2008-2018 Marks - 87%.  Google Data Analytics Certicate- Coursera(Jan 2024)  Learn SQL from Scratch - UDEMY(Dec 2023)  Data Visualization using Tableau- Great Learning(Oct 2023)  Master Microsoft Excel- Linkedin Learning(Feb 2024)  Education  Certications