ALISHA ANIL SHINDE Room no  12, 2nd floor, Sai Krupa Bldg., A wing, St Georges Hospital Quarters, Csmt, Mumbai-400001. Contact No-8591034380 alishashinde10@gmail.com  Summary: - A dynamic HR Recruiter professional with extensive experience in & development recruitment. Experience in manpower management recruitment involving screening. Short listing and interviewing experience department restricting. Start-ups and high growth operation proven ability in integrating the human resource function within the business operation strategy.  Qualification: - Degree T.Y.B. Com Year 2020 University Mumbai Institute Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil College Vashi, Navi Mumbai. M.COM Part - 2 2023 Mumbai Karmaveer Bhaurao Patil College Vashi, Navi Mumbai. Score 7.23 8.21  Work Experience: - Bhatia Employment Pvt Ltd Designation: - HR RECRUITER (From May 2021  31 March 2024)  Collecting Manpower requirement from various departments to fulfill the same  Sourcing the profiles from job portals as per the requirement.  Screening resumes as per the requirement and conducting initial round of interviews.  Scheduling Telephonic and F2F interviews for the candidates with concerned Department.  Updating and maintaining candidates database for future requirements.  Selection and salary negotiation. Preparing and issuing offer/appointment letter.  Joining formalities  Maintaining and updating the personal file of employees.  Induction & Off-job trainings to new joiners.  Handling queries of client over the phone, mails and in person Scheduling interviews as per company requirement.  Transformatrix Global Pvt Ltd Designation - Advisor - Talent Acquisition HR: (From 1st April 2024 - Till Date)  This includes sourcing of Resumes, short-listing, Face to Face Interviews, compensation negotiation, Assignment/contractual notice followed by the final.  Selection holding HR policies, conducting Group Discussions, maintaining excel sheets of the employees from Date of joining to Date of completion.  Handling the client supplier call with the Hiring Manager on each & every niche requirement to understand the clear needs to the clients and provides the solid profiles.  Hands-on involvement in outlining job requirements, evaluating candidates, and projecting hiring needs.  Other Skills: -  Mscit  Advance Excel  Tally ERP 9  Personal Details: - Name Nationality Date of birth Gender Language Hobbies Contact no Email id - - - - - - - - Alisha Anil Shinde Indian 10/03/1999 Female English, Hindi, Marathi Listening Music, Reading Books 8591034380 alishashinde10@gmail.com Declaration I hereby declare that all the information given above is true and best to my knowledge. (ALISHA ANIL SHINDE)