ABHISHEK PANDEY abhisheknayan00@gmail.com | 7524036018 Education NOIDA INSTITUTE OF ENGINEERING & TECHNOLOGY Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India Degree in Master of Computer Applications 2023 - Present CGPA: 7.7 Chhatrapati Shahu Ji Maharaj University Degree in Bachelor of Science in Mathematics Percentage: 68.7% Experience Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India 2020 - 2023 WebGuard | Intern Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India | June 2023 - August 2023 Performed data entry and management tasks using Excel, ensuring data accuracy and completeness. Created and maintained Excel charts and pivot tables to visualize data trends and insights. Conducted data cleaning to rectify inconsistencies and prepare data for analysis. Assisted in the generation of reports and summaries for internal use. Skills Programming Languages: Libraries/Frameworks: Tools / Platforms: Databases: Python, SQL Numpy, Panda MS Excel, PowerBi Mysql, Oracle Projects / Open-Source COVID-19 Data Analysis Python, Excel, MySQL,PowerBI Conducted an in-depth analysis of COVID-19 data using Python, Excel, SQL, and PowerBI. Utilized these tools to process and visualize the data, identifying signi(cid:28)cant patterns and trends. Developed interactive dashboards to e(cid:27)ectively communicate the insights and support data-driven decision-making ICC 2023 World Cup Analysis Python, Excel, MySQL,PowerBI Conducted a detailed analysis of the ICC 2023 World Cup using Python, Excel, SQL, and PowerBI. Processed and visualized match and player data to uncover key statistics, trends, and performance insights. Developed interactive dashboards to present (cid:28)ndings and support strategic decision-making for teams and analysts. Customer Transaction Data Cleaning and Validation Python, Excel, and SQL Conducted data cleaning on customer transaction records using Python, Excel, and SQL. Standardized formats, removed duplicates, and handled missing data. Ensured data accuracy and integrity for reliable analysis and reporting. Certifications (cid:136) Python - Infosys Springboard (cid:136) SQL (Intermediate) Certi(cid:28)cate - Hacker Rank (cid:136) Problem Solving (Intermediate) Certi(cid:28)cate - Hacker Rank Honors & Awards (cid:136) Achieved 100% completion and secured Rank 1 in HackerRank SQL challenges.