CHANDANI KUMARI SHAH (Semi Qualified Chartered Accountant, M. Com) Contact: - +91-8800710259 Email: - chandanishah2050@gmail.com Address: - BM Homes Thubra, Halli Whitefield, Bengaluru, Karnataka Ambitious and hardworking individual with broad skills and experience in the fields of direct tax, indirect tax, accounting, auditing, registration, return filing, preparation of financial statements. Passionate about applying accounts, and auditing skills for the organization in monitoring the finance and accounting operations, maintaining the statutory books of accounts as per Ind AS, and completing the audits on time. Sound interpersonal, communication and presentation skills, a good listener, team leader and adaptable, with experience in working in a multicultural environment. Comprehensive understanding of Accounting Standards (Ind AS), Auditing Standards (ISA), Business operation of diversified industries like trading, manufacturing, service, and other entities. SKILLS:  Accounting, Auditing and Taxation  Financial Analysis and Reporting Inventory Management   Ind AS and IFRS  Risk Management  Internal Control  Leadership, Team Management  Analytical Skills  MS-Excel, Word, Power Point  Tally ERP9 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Audit and Accounts Senior, EASY BUSINESS CONSULTANTS (P) LTD., Kathmandu, Nepal  Preparation and finalization of monthly and annual financial statements as per IFRS.  Costing of Products Imported, determining the Price and Profitability.  Reviewed the financial accounting process and made suggestions for process improvement opportunities.  Reviewed and reconciled intercompany, bank, vendor, and debtor account.  Involved in return preparation, appeal and scrutiny under direct tax, VAT.  Prepared provisional and projected financial statements.  Ensured the compliance with custom, and VAT.  Prepared periodical progress report for further planning and decision making. Paid assistant, VIPAL KALRA & ASSOCIATES, New Delhi, India  Performed physical verification of fixed assets, and inventories.  Verified & analyzed stocks, stores, and scraps and identified non-moving and absolute items.  Evaluated the assertions applied by the management in the preparation and presentation of FS.  Involved in advisory and compliance with changing VAT and other tax laws.  Finalized company accounts and conducted the audit as per statutory compliance.  Reviewed the Internal Financial Control and examined their adequacy.  Reported financial health and liquidity, complying with financial policies and regulations.  Planning and execution of audit and auxiliary services as per ISA and IFRS.  Executed audit plans to complete the assignment efficiently on time.  Performed tie-outs of various components of FS to ensure accuracy and internal consistency.  Performed analytical procedures and identified unusual financial relations on sales and purchases.  Performed aging analysis and suggested amount to be written off. Article Assistant, VIPAL KALRA & ASSOCIATES, New Delhi, India  Involved in the audit of Books of Accounts of Corporates, Proprietorship and Partnership firms.  Registered different entities with VAT, Service Tax, Income Tax Authorities.  Performed day to day accounting of manufacturing, trading, construction, and service providing clients.  Reconciled financial statement and general ledger.  Handled VAT calculation, return filing and replies to the notices from tax authorities.  Visited the tax department as & when required for attending hearing and appeal filing.  Performed detailed checking in the field of Procure to Payments, Order to Cash, Hire to Retire etc.  Drafting and preparing internal audit reports based on finding and making suggestions. Academic and Professional Qualification: Level University/Institute Chartered Accountant (CA. Final: - 1st Gr. Result awaited, and 2nd Gr. Cleared.) Masters (M. Com) Graduation (B.com) Institute of Chartered Accountant of India (ICAI). IGNOU, Delhi, India IGNOU, Delhi, India (Chandani Kumari Shah)