ADLIN TEENU No:52b techcons apartments mallika nagar Tambaram Chennai - 600045| +91 7358536861 | adlinteenu04@gamil.com | LinkedIn | GitHub About me I am excited to secure a challenging position in a dynamic and innovative organization where I can contribute my skills and passion to impactful projects. I also bring a strong foundation in programming and eager to advance my skills. I handle, problem solving with innovative ideas and manage time effectively. Internship RJS Technology (Virtual) | Jan  April 2023  Made a dynamic Web page for storing and downloading student data as a csv file.  Developed an API using Swagger and a web client to exchange data between various software components. Also, created packages as well as worked on built in and user defined functions. SYNC INTERNS (Virtual) | Sept - Oct 2023  Developed machine learning models for prediction with preprocessed data in Boston House Price Prediction Sign Language Classification, Chatbot for Loan Enquiry, and Face Mask Detection. Algo Financials (Virtual) | Jan  April 2024 (Stipend: 3000)   Implemented Backtesting trading algorithms such as MACD, SMA, Supply and Demand crossovers using ta_lib and demonstrated candlestick testing with OHLCV data points. Integrated into n8n automation tool, worked on JSON to extract high level stock data using Python's nested function which transforms JSON iteration into Excel, aiding analysis. Education Zion Mat Hr Sec School, Chennai, India X - 81% 2018  2019 | XII - 85% 2020  2021 Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science, Chennai, India B.Tech - CSE(Artificial Intelligence and Data Science), CGPA - 8.1(up-to 5th sem) 2021  2025 Skills & abilities  Programming languages: Python, R, C  MySQL  Data Analysis and Visualization  Excel  Machine Learning Credentials  Completed 7-day Python Deep Learning Bootcamp with DevTown in Nov 2022, earning a Google certification.  Presented a paper in the Jarvis - National Level Symposium on 18th March 2023 at Chennai Institute of Technology.  Carried out 4-week Python for Data Science course on NPTEL from Jul - Aug 2023 with a score of 54%. Projects Dots and Boxes Game  Utilized Python libraries Tkinter and Numpy. Defined GUI elements like board size, players, dots. Created a class, and initialized functions for graphical interface setup. E- Commerce Website  Developed online ordering website using JavaScript. Designed for online product sales, managing user cart items, and greater access to features like adding and removing products, changing the quantity of items, and placing orders. Stock Market Price Prediction  Imported Python libraries like yfinance, pandas, streamlit, and scikit-learn for stock market prediction. Additionally, preprocessed data to train an SVM model and created a Streamlit dashboard for visualization. The dashboard allows users to select market instruments, extract data, view candlestick charts, and predict stock returns using the SVM model and Backtesting strategies. Languages  English  Tamil