KAKDE SATYAM SUNDARRAO 431122  Beed,Maharashtra stmkakde@gmail.com  Linkedin  9325637794 EDUCATION PDPM Indian Institute of Information Technology Design and Manufacturing Jabalpur Bachelor of Technology - Smart Manufacturing 2020-2024 CERTIFICATIONS  Soft Skills (NPTEL)  Data Science for Engineers (NPTEL)  Data Base Management System (DBMS) (NPTEL)  Professional Development Courses IIT Roorkee IIT Madras IIT Kharagpur IIIT Jabalpur SKILLS  Technical Skills: SQL, Dashboard Building, Data Analytics, Excel, Data Visualization  Data Visualization Tools: MS Excel, Power BI, SQL Workbench, Dax Studio, MS PowerPoint  Soft Skills: Communication, Time Management, Analytical thinking, Problem Solving  Spoken Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi PROJECTS Covid Data Exploration [ SQL  Excel ]  Imported, validated, and analyzed global COVID-19 datasets using SQL to calculate key statistics like death percentages and infection rates.  Identified countries with highest infection rates and deaths using joins and Common Table Expressions (CTEs).  Created temporary tables and views for complex data transformations and visualization. Sales Dashboard [ PowerBI  SQL  Excel  Dax Studio]  Customized a multi-functional Power BI dashboard to analyze sales trends over the Indian market by gathering data from 2 different sources (Excel/CSV files and SQL database).  Built data model and visualizations in Power BI, and optimized the report with DAX studio which improved the performance of the report.  The dashboard enabled to analyze different department sales trends and make data-driven decisions, leading to a 20 reduction in data-related expenses. EXPERIENCE Worked as Volunteer, Teacher, Mentor and in Management for JAGRATI 2020-2024  Educated and mentored underprivileged children (grades 1-12), enhancing their academic and personal growth.  Organized and participated in community service activities, including old age home visits, blood donation camps, and cloth donation drives.  Supported social causes, positively impacting children, the elderly, and the disabled through various initiatives.  Managed and executed Jagratis events and programs, ensuring successful outreach and community engagement. ACHIEVEMENTS  Merit-cum-Means (MCM) Scholarship Awardee: Awarded by IIITDM Jabalpur for being in the top 10% of the batch, recognizing academic excellence and economic need. Entitled to a full tuition waiver funded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD).