GOKUL POTTUMURTI Lovely Professional University,Punjab-144402 gpottumurti@gmail.com github.com/gokulpottumurti80 (+91) 8143946599 gokul.pottumurti SUMMARY Highly Motivated and result-driven Software Engineer with proven track record of delivering innovative software solutions. Offering a strong foundation in data structures and algorithms, and knowledge within database management systems. My commitment to excellence is reflected in my ability to efficiently navigate complex challenges and deliver high-quality, scalable solutions. PROJECTS E-Commerce Website Web Application October 2022  December 2022  The goal of this project is to create an e-commerce website that allows customers to browse and purchase products online.  The website has a responsive design that adapts to different screen sizes and devices.  The website is built using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and the React framework. MUSIC Web App Self-Learning Project December 2022  January 2023  Music Web App is a project that aims to create a web-based music streaming platform that allows users to access and play music from the Spotify library.  The main features of the app are the ability to search for and play music, create playlists, and view recommended tracks.  The project utilizes the Spotify Web API, which provides access to the Spotify music catalog, user data, and playlists. The API is used to fetch data such as track and artist information, as well as to control playback.  The app is built using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Data Visualization Exploratory Project February 2023  March 2023  Netix is a popular streaming service that offers a vast catalog of movies, TV shows, and original content. This dataset is a cleaned version of the original version which can be found here.  This dataset will be cleaned with PostgreSQL and visualized with Tableau.  The purpose of this dataset is to test the data cleaning and visualization skills.  The data consists of contents added to Netix from 2008 to 2021. The oldest content is as old as 1925 and the newest as 2021. EDUCATION B.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering lovely professional university June 2020  2024 CGPA:7.30 SKILLS C/C++ Python JavaScript HTML CSS MY SQL Tableau COURSEWORK  Data Structures and Algorithms  Object- Oriented Programming  Software Engineering  Engineering Mathematics I & II  Operating Systems  Database Management Systems CERTIFICATIONS  Data structures And Algorithms | Geeks for Geeks | 2022.  Learn Python Programming Master Class | Udemy | 2022.  Data visualization with tableau |2023.  DBMS |Infosys  Springboard |2023. ACHIEVEMENTS  Organized Air Show Event by Eminent Organization under the aegis Department of Student organizations, Division of Youth Affairs, LPU  Solved 300-500+ Problems in GFG , Coding ninjas.