Sandeep Verma Noida, Uttar Pradesh (cid:211) +91-9105869116 sandeepchaursiya9105@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github Hackerrank SUMMARY Full Stack Developer with 8 months of experience in both frontend and backend development. Proficient in JavaScript, Python, and PHP, specializing in building robust web applications with responsive user interfaces. Passionate about staying updated with emerging technologies and contributing to collaborative team environments. EDUCATION Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, Uttar Pradesh,Lucknow B.Tech - Computer Science and Engineering - CGPA - 7.5 2019  2023 Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh COURSEWORK / SKILLS  DSA  Oops Concepts  Software Engineering  Operating Systems  Computer Networks  DBMS EXPERIENCE Infotiqq Pvt. Ltd. Associate Full Stack Developer 11 2023  Current Noida Uttar Pradesh, I  About My Responsibilities  Develop and maintain backend functionalities, ensuring seamless integration with frontend systems.  Collaborate with frontend teams to implement UI changes and enhance user experience.  Troubleshoot and resolve backend issues to ensure system reliability and performance.  Implement security measures and best practices to safeguard data integrity and user privacy.  Continuously learn and adapt to new technologies to drive innovation and efficiency in backend development. PROJECTS Job Portal | Node.js, Express.js, Database - MongoDB, IDE - VS Code In Progress  An interview page where the admin can create an interview by selecting participants, start and end time.  An interviews list page where admin can see all the upcoming interviews. Drive-Sharing | Laravel, MySql, Javascript, Html, Css  Developed three interfaces: Admin, Team Lead, User.  Admin: Create/manage users, Assign Team Leads and Track all file and folder activities.  Team Lead: See details about user in same Department, Share files/folders within department  User: Share files/folders with all users.  I Independently designed the database and developed the website. Job Shiksha | Laravel, Mysql, Html, Css  Develop the front-end of Job Shiksha.  Admin: Add Module Sortlist, Reject and Placed status and list of the applied Candidate. Video watch time saver | Python, JSON, Sqlite, MongoDB  Python project for use to save our video watch time with video descreption.  Click on the link to view my all Works and projects on gitHub repository. TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: PHP, Python, Javascript, HTML5, CSS3 Technologies/Frameworks: Laravel, Bootstarap, Basic Django, Basic Node js Server. Databases: Mysql, MongoDB. 2024 2024 2023 CERTIFICATIONS  Python Full Stack - Ducat Trainnig Institute.  Web Development - Internshala.  Python Practical Approach- IIT Kanpur