Akshat Awasthi linkedin | aaakshat774@gmail.com | (cid:211) +91-7976907980 Education Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani - Pilani Campus B.E. Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering :7.67/10 Relevant Coursework Aug. 2020  Aug. 2024 Pilani, India Computer Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Operating System, Object Oriented Programming Language, Database Management System, Discrete Mathematics, Digital Design, API Development Technical Skills Programming languages: C++, C, Python, Java FrameWork: Node JS, React JS , Express JS Web Technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript Miscellaneous: MySQL, PostgreSQL, AWS, Git, MongoDB, Latex Professional Experience Software Developer Intern - Amazon Tech Used : Java, Python, AWS RDS , AWS DyanmoDB , AWS Lambda , TypeScript, CI/CD July 2023  Dec. 2023 Hyderabad, India  Contributed to the development of Gyrados, a Storage and Audit platform, enabling users to run custom queries on petabytes of data.  Engineered a Java Library to dynamically map and store attribute data from DAO into artefact aurora table, boosting data ingestion efficiency by 22%.  Automated the onboarding process for new artifacts in the RDS database with metadata tracking in AWS DynamoDB by writing a java API reducing the manual labor and increased onboarding efficiency by 40%.  Developed a central configuration service for Gyrados and implemented a CI/CD pipeline, streamlining code deployment across the US, UK, and NA ,regions reducing manual deployment errors by 30%. Projects My GPT A full-stack AI chatbot application  Developed a full-stack AI chatbot application replicating core ChatGPT functionalities to provide users with an Link interactive and intelligent conversational experience.  Employed MERN stack technologies and advanced engineering practices, including robust authentication, data validation, and database management, to build a secure, scalable, and high-performance platform.  Implemented key features such as real-time chat, user session management, chat history storage, and OpenAI integration to deliver a comprehensive and engaging user experience. Trip Advisor App A travel advisor application that helps users plan trips with personalized recommendations  Integrated Google Maps API, Travel Advisor API, and OpenWeatherMap API for personalized travel Link recommendations and ensured real-time updates on weather conditions, points of interest, and user reviews.  Created robust backend services with Node.js and Express.js to handle API data retrieval, processing, and integration, ensuring efficient data flow and a seamless, dynamic travel planning experience for users. Intelligent Floor Plan Management System A system that enables a seamless workspace experience through efficient floor plan uploads Link  Implemented a version control system with intelligent conflict resolution, ensuring seamless seat/room information updates based on roles and timestamps.  Developed a recommendation engine for meeting rooms, dynamically suggesting optimal rooms based on capacity, availability, and past bookings.  Implemented robust user authentication protocols to ensure secure access. Positions of Responsibility Backend Lead - PARC Tech Team PARC: A non-profit platform that enables students to bring transformational changes in communities. Aug 2022  May 2023 Pilani, India  Led a team of 10+ students in developing and implementing the backend changes for PARC official website , ensuring scalability and performance.  Developed a dynamic hospital portal with an interactive front end, to provide an intuitive user experience for patient.  Implemented a robust appointment booking system, allowing users to schedule appointments with doctors based on real-time availability. Achievements  Solved 500+ coding problems on GFG, LeetCode, and CodingNinja.  Awarded with BITS Alumni Funded Scholarship for 2 consecutive semesters on grounds of overall excellence  Won gold medals in both Cricket and Frisbee at the annual sports fest of BITS Pilani  Raise Rs 1,26,000 by conducting fundraisers to establish a playground for village children using recyclable materials.