Vidit Vaibhav Software Engineer Jaipur, India | 8092942446 | Gmail | LinkedIn Education Manipal University Jaipur 2021-2025 Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Skills Languages: Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib), MySQL, JavaScript Tools: Git, MS Office, VS Code, Google Colab ,ReactJS , Tailwind Data Structures and Algorithms, Figma Data Science, Statistics Software: Others: Experience Software Engineer Intern Zauvijek Technologies Remote 05/2023 - 07/2023  Participated actively in software application development, enhancing functionality, and user experience, resulting in  improved efficiency and customer satisfaction. Identified and mitigated critical technical problems by conducting in-depth analysis and applying strategic solutions, leading to a 30% decrease in system errors and a 20% improvement in operational efficiency.  Played a key role in designing and implementing user interfaces, resulting in intuitive and visually appealing software products that enhance user experience and engagement. Personal Projects Myntra Clone  Created a front-end clone of Myntra, showcasing proficiency in front-end development using ReactJS.  Demonstrated ability to replicate the user interface of a prominent website, affirming Precision and technical prowess. SignWave: Empowering Silence  Accomplished 84% accuracy in diabetic retinopathy detection through deep learning methods, advancing healthcare  diagnostics with impactful results. Directed the team in developing a web application tailored to the deaf community, fostering seamless communication and inclusivity; implementation led to a 40% increase in user engagement and positive feedback.  Facilitated the real-time conversion of text into sign language, enhancing accessibility and inclusivity, thereby promoting greater understanding and communication among users. Student Performance Assessment Considering Online Activity Logs  Utilized machine learning algorithms on online activity logs to predict student performance with 90% accuracy.  Facilitated personalized learning experiences, enhancing attention span and engagement that improved student retention rates by 10% through these enhanced experiences. Certifications/Courses Introduction to Web Development with HTML,CSS,JavaScipt   Build Wireframes and Low-Fidelity Prototypes  Microsoft Azure Data Scientist Associate (DP-100) Achievements Top 5 Team in Hackathon  Competed in a hackathon with 100+ participants and secured a top 5 finish, showcasing teamwork, and technical skills. Top 5 Team in Hackathon  Demonstrated analytical reasoning prowess, teamwork and technical proficiency by competing in a ideathon with over 150 teams, achieving a remarkable top 5 finish. Coding Ninjas Top 5%  Solved 220+ questions on the platform in 2023.