Yashvardhan Shekhar Entry-Level ML Engineer +91 9717057746 yashvardhan.s1900@gmail.com Gurgaon,Haryana I am a diligent, enthusiastic, and hardworking third year student pursuing BTech (Hons) in Computer Science (AI &ML) from Manipal University Jaipur. I would describe myself as a compassionate person with a curious mind and one that seeks opportunities to learn something new or be of help to other. I am an ethical team player with a willingness to be adaptable to most situations without losing my unique individuality. I am also known among my friends to be an analytical person with a propensity for problem solving and logical reasoning. EDUCATION Bachelor of Technology [B. Tech (Hons.)] in Computer Science & Engineering (CSE) with AI and ML Manipal University 20212025 Jaipur, India Secondary Education The Shri Ram School, Aravali (90% in 10th Board, 93% in 12th Board) Gurgaon, Haryana, India 20192021 WORK EXPERIENCE Machine Learning and NLU Intern at ValueFirst (May 2023  Jul 2023) Gurgaon, Haryana, India  Data Analysis and Visualization: Conducted comprehensive exploratory data analysis (EDA) on the IRIS dataset using Python libraries like Pandas, Matplotlib and Seaborn to derive actionable insights and facilitate informed decision-making. Further went on to create a classification model to determine species of Iris flower using numerical data of its features.  Machine Learning: Implemented Principle Component Analysis (PCA) on the MNIST dataset, enhancing model efficiency and accuracy through dimensionality reduction techniques using Python's Scikit-learn library.  NLP: Created beginner level chatbots using a software called RASA.  Machine Learning and NLU Intern at ValueFIrst (November 2023  Sept 2024) Gurgaon, Haryana, India  Created an entity extractor using Spacy and then further also customized it using training data and allow it to extract entities other than the default classes and implemented its frontend using FastAPI  Built a Python-based UI using Chainlit and Streamlit integrating Phi2 and Ollama API chatbots with a PDF upload option using Langchain for context based question answering  Conducted an optimization experiment that analyzed a large amount of data with regard to catchiness of email titles and created a classification model using RandomForest classifier and Support Vector Classifier and experimented with various tokenizers/embeddings like BERT, TF-IDF and EmoroBERT. It can take a custom input for a title and classify how catchy it is. Innovation Hub Intern at Sun Life Global Solutions (June 24  September 2024) Gurgaon, Haryana, India  Developed a video/PDF blurring software that scans files to detect and display personal information (PII) for modification or censoring using python based softwares like pytesseract and SpaCy for the backend and React for the frontend (which was created in Sun Life Company required formatting).  Worked on training a custom Named Entity Recognition (NER) model specifically for insurance policies using AWS SageMaker to manage the machine learning pipeline. PROJECT EXPERIENCE   Handwritten Digit Recognition Model: Developed a Computer Vision model that would take handwritten digits as input and provide the possible correct answer. MNIST dataset was used for this project. A customized ANN was created for this model. IRIS classification using SVM/Rule based: Designed and implemented a machine learning model that could classify species of IRIS flower using support vector machine and created another version which classifies based on a rule generated by extensive EDA  Glaucoma Detection Model : Image classification fine-tuned CNN model using FUNDUS images dataset for Glaucoma detection. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Hard Skills: Data Structures, Algorithms, Object-Oriented Programming, Database Management Systems, Web Development, Software Engineering Methodologies, Version Control Systems (e.g., Git), Software Testing, Operating Systems Concepts, Computer Networks, Machine Learning Concepts, Artificial Intelligence Concepts, Automata Theory, Documentation, Quality Assurance, Debugging, Data Analysis, Project Management, Project Planning, Stakeholder Management, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), NLP, NER, Computer Vision, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning. Technical Skills: - - - Programming Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript, React Lingual Skills: English (Advance), Hindi (Native), Tamil (Native), French (Beginner). Productivity: Microsoft Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) Soft Skills: Multitasking, Calm in high pressure situations, Continuous Learning, Cross-Functional Collaboration, Leadership and Team Management, Documentation, Timelines Management, Conflict Resolution, Negotiation, Presentation Co-Curriculars:  Accomplished proponent of Mridangam & Kanjira. These south Indian percussion instruments are used in Indian Carnatic Music. I have delivered multiple stage performances, and I have represented my school band in inter-school music competitions as the only Mridangam player.  Empanelled with 'All India Radio' as a youth artiste under their 'Yuva Vaani' program  Represented my school for Basketball, Football and Cricket and Chess