Ritu Kumari 6386772636 | ritupanditr@gmail.com Education Pranveer Singh Institude Of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science And Engineering , 70% SVM Inter College Intermediate , 70% SVM Inter College High School , 83% Experience Cyber Security IBM SKILLBUILD (Internship) Kanpur, UP Dec. 2020  June 2024 Kanpur, UP April. 2017  March 2019 kanpur, UP April. 2015  March 2017 July 23  Oct 23 India  Led the design and creation of Keylogger detection scripts in Python, demonstrating expertise in reverse engineering techniques and contributing to a more secure digital ecosystem.  Experience in detecting, analyzing, and mitigating potential threats, including proficiency in identifying and neutralizing Keyloggers, contributing to robust Cyber security measures.  Conducted weekly security operations for phishing alerts, Security Operations Center (SOC) alerts, and 40+ other security events.  Assisted in the development and implementation of a comprehensive security awareness training program.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to investigate and respond to security incidents, including malware outbreaks and phishing attacks, ensuring timely resolution and minimizing the impact on business operations. Web Development and UI Designing OASIS INFOBYTE (Internship) Feb 2023  Mar 2023 India  Maintained the current website and added more appealing features.  Redesigned sections of the website to ensure a more attractive and user friendly experience.  Created custom HTML emails for clients/in-house newsletters and invitations for distribution to our databases.  Designed custom graphics. Projects E-COMMERCE WEBSITE | Html,Css,Node.Js May 2023  Sep 23  Manage the content creation and listing of products across all marketplace.  Sourcing of products at best prices.  Provide solutions to optimize system and improve process. Online Virus Total Detection Using API | Html,Css,Node.Js,Flask Jan 2023  Mar 2023  Designed and implemented a dynamic website utilizing Flask technology, integrating the VirusTotal API for real-time online virus detection, allowing users to upload files for automated scanning and analysis.  Implemented robust backend functionality to securely handle user-uploaded files, leveraging Flask to orchestrate API calls to VirusTotal for comprehensive malware detection, highlighting a blend of web development and cybersecurity skills Technical Skills Languages: Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Subjects: Data Structures and Algorithm, Object Oriented Programming(OOPs) Frameworks: React, Node.js, Flask, Material-UI, FastAPI Developer Tools: Git, Google Cloud Platform, VS Code, Visual Studio, PyCharm, IntelliJ, Eclipse Libraries: pandas, NumPy Others: Excellent: MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, and SharePoint skills