Kannupriya Arora Contact: +91 8800130314, arorakannupriya@gmail.com LinkedIn GitHub Coding profiles: Codechef Leetcode Profile Summary Enthusiastic and dedicated individual with a keen interest in web development and problem solving. Currently pursuing BTech with a focus on honing skills in DSA along with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and other relevant technologies. Eager to leverage theoretical knowledge gained in the classroom to contribute effectively to real-world projects as a web development intern. Strong problem-solving abilities, attention to detail, and a passion for staying updated with emerging web trends. Excited to collaborate with a dynamic team and gain hands-on experience while making meaningful contributions. BTech, CSE 2021-2025 Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology, GGSIPU Education CGPA-9.03/10 Holy Child School, Ghaziabad Class-XII Class-X 94% ISC ICSE 95% Courses Course completion certificates awarded in:    cyber security and applied ethical hacking from infosys search engine optimization -ahrefs advanced digital transformation Projects  BANK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM-ATM SIMULATOR Technologies used-Java, Java Swing and AWT, MySQL  WEATHER APP Technologies used-HTML, CSS, JavaScript and API  TICTACTOE GAME Technologies used- HTML, CSS and JavaScript Awards & co-curriculars  Bagged a Problem Solver GOLD BADGE from CodeChef for solving 500+ problems on an online coding and competitive programming platform .  Felicitated 2+ times for academic excellence in Secondary and Senior Secondary Examination.  Awarded a certificate for ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE in SENIOR SECONDARY group.  Ranked among the top 5 exemplary performers in academics.  Also holds a third position  VISUAL EXTEMPORE competition conducted reflecting on various fields of development. Technical Skills  Programming Languages: Proficient in C, C++ (Object-Oriented Programming), Java (Object- Oriented Programming), and JavaScript.  SEO: Experienced in YouTube and Google SEO, including keyword research and optimization.  Microsoft Office: Skilled in Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint, with strong capabilities in data analysis and presentation creation.  Competent in subjects - Database Management Systems, Operating Systems, Object-Oriented Programming, Software Engineering, and Basic Computer Networks.