Aastha Tandon +918755031809 - aasthawork22@gmail.com - linkedin.com/in/aastha-tandon - github.com/aastha EDUCATION Manipal University Jaipur B.tech in Information Technology Dayawati Modi Academy AISSCE TECHNICAL SKILLS Oct 2021 - Jun 2025 CGPA:8.07 2019 - 2021 Percentage:86 Programming Languages: Python, C++ Technologies and Tools: MS Word, MS Excel, MySQL, Jupyter Technical Skills: Data Structure and Algorithms, RDBMS, Data Analysis PROJECTS Diwali Sales Analysis Exploratory Data Analysis  Employed VScode for efficient Python development, pandas for streamlined data manipulation, and matplotlib/seaborn for rapid data visualization, reducing project completion time by 20% . Jun 2024  Performed data cleaning and manipulation, resulting in a 95% reduction in missing values and a 10% increase in data accuracy.  Analyzed sales data to identify best-selling products, uncovering a previously unrecognized trend in demand for category Food products. Research Project Hybrid YOLOv8-LLM System for Aerial Garbage Detection  Tools and technologies used: YOLOv8 for Aerial Object Detection, LLM for Harmfulness Assessment, Deep Jan 2024 - May 2024 Learning  This cutting-edge project aims to leverage the power of deep learning models, specifically YOLOv8 and LLM, to detect and classify garbage from aerial images with an impressive 98% accuracy in the particular dataset Book chapter Security Attacks and Services for Educational Purposes  Literature review conducted using academic databases accessed through Google Scholar.  Co-authored a cybersecurity chapter for an academic project, delving into 7 categories of cyberattacks . Jan 2024 - Apr 2024 WORK EXPERIENCE Slash Mark IT Startup Data Analyst Intern  Developed and implemented data analysis projects from beginner to advanced levels, gaining experience in data Jun 2024  August 2024 cleaning, manipulation, and visualization.  Utilized data analysis tools such as Python and SQLto analyze and interpret data set. Bobble AI Project Intern  Creating and executing computer vision models for the purposes of matching styles and identifying individual Aug 2024  Present hairstyles in images.  Using Python, TensorFlow as the mechanics of tool kits to process the images efficiently. CERTIFICATIONS  Computer Networking Course  Certificate of appreciation for organizing Google Expert Talk  Certificate of Data Analytics and Visualization Job Simulation By Accenture  Certificate of Foundations: Data, Data, Everywhere by Google  Certificate of Achievement for standing among the top 40 teams of Code Hive held by Bobble AI POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY  Social Media Coordinator in IEEE SB MUJ Club: Increased social media engagement by 85% through strategic content creation and identification of trending topics  Marketing Coordinator in Startup Weekend Jaipur: Increased event participation by 70% and led team of 6 to successfully execute event  Working Team Member in Aperture Digital Arts Society MUJ: Contributed to 10 successful projects that received positive feedback for their visual impact.