Ankit Rajput  r-ajputankit | (cid:239) ankit-rajput | # ankit rajput@srmap.edu.in | # rajputankit2664@gmail.com | H +91 8381922664 Summary Skilled specialist in data analytics, with expertise in statistical analysis and data visualization. Proficient in Python, SQL, and Tableau. Adept at identifying trends, developing predictive models, and delivering actionable recommendations to support data-driven decision-making. Work Experience Research Intern (Aug 2023 - Dec 2023) Link to Project  applied theoretical knowledge to solve real-world scenario DDos attack Detection using Deep Learning, working with Dr Elakkiya E Assistant Professor at SRM School of Engineering AP.  gained hands-on experience in manipulating and interpreting datasets , deep learning algorithms and sta- tistical models. Projects DDos Attack Detection Link to Project  analyzed network traffic data to extract relevant features for effective DDoS detection and Trained a CNN along with GRU and RBFN for detecting the DDos attack. Weather App Link to Project  Developed a comprehensive weather app featuring an API to display current weather conditions for any city. Implemented user authentication with login and registration functionality. Integrated a weather predictive model to provide accurate forecasts, enhancing user experience with real-time and future weather data. Credit Card Fraud Detection Link to Project  Analyzed transaction patterns to identify irregularities and developed a predictive model for Credit Card Fraud Detection, enhancing security and reducing financial losses. Movie Recommendation System Link to Project  Developed a robust movie recommendation system, Implemented collaborative filtering techniques and content-based filtering to enhance accuracy in personalized recommendations. Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRM University AP 2021 2019 Class 12th CBSE Class 10th CBSE Skills (CGPA: 8.02) (92.4 %) (92.8 %) Languages: Python, JAVA, C++, C programming, Java Script, HTML, CSS Libraries and frameworks Tableau, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit-Learn, Tensor-Flow, Flask Coursework: Data Structures and Algorithms, DBMS, Probability and Statistics Areas of Interest: Big Data Analytics, Machine Learning Publications  Presented and published a research paper on RBFN-Augmented DDoS Detection with CNN-GRU Fusion at 15th International Conference on Computing, Communication and Networking Technologies (ICCCNT certificate 2024), an IEEE Scopus-indexed conference held at IIT-Mandi. Certificates and Achievements  Elite + silver medal in Database management from SWAYAM  Introduction to Deep Learning and Neural Networks with Keras certificate certificate