Saloni Gupta (cid:211) +91-9817298093 wrupali98120@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github Technical Skills and Interests Languages: C++,, Javascript, HTML+CSS+Tailwind Libraries : C++ STL, ReactJs Web Dev Tools: VScode, Git, Github Design Tools: CorelDRAW, Figma Frameworks: React.Js Cloud/Databases: Relational Database(mySql) , MongoDB Relevent Coursework: Data Structures & Algorithms, Operating Systems, Object Oriented Programming, Database Management System, Software Engineering. Areas of Interest: Web Design and Development. Soft Skills: Problem Solving, Self-learning, Presentation, Adaptability EDUCATION Maharaja Agarsain Institute of Technology, Delhi B.Tech - Computer Science and Engineering - CGPA - 8.9 PROJECTS Razorpay Clone | HTML+CSS+Javascript 2021  2025 Delhi  Contributed to the development of a Razorpay clone by actively participating in the implementation of responsive web design.  Played a pivotal role in ensuring the website mirrored the original design flawlessly.  My coding expertise and commitment to maintaining visual consistency resulted in a seamless user experience across various devices. Crest | HTML+CSS+Javascript  Developed a responsive web application for comprehensive inventory management.  Designed an interactive user interface for an engaging user experience.  Implemented various login/logout options and a Talk to Us feature for enhanced user accessibility and customer support. Travel Saga | HTML+Javascript+JSX+API  Integrated Geolocation, Google Maps API, and Rapid APIs for seamless navigation and comprehensive data retrieval.  Developed robust search capabilities and sophisticated data filtering with intuitive interfaces .  Enabled users to explore attractions, plan itineraries, and receive real-time updates through a sleek and user-friendly interface. EXPERIENCE Web Development Intern at Codsoft | August 2023 - September 2023 Enhanced communication and teamwork in dynamic developer teams, optimizing project efficiency, fostering code collaboration, and swiftly mastering new technologies across multiple successful projects. Frontend Developer - Cantilever | June 2024 - July2024 Frontend developer at Cantilever, specializing in creating compelling news and ecommerce websites. Leverageddesign expertise to enhance user experience and drive site performance optimization. CERTIFICATIONS  Mastering Data Structure and Algorithms - Coursera  UX design - Coursera Position of Responsibility - Student Volunteer(International Symposium) Actively contributed to the success of the International Symposium on Smart Cities, Technologies, and Trends through volunteer support.Assisted in event coordination and participant engagement, fostering a collaborative and efficient symposium environment.Gained valuable experience in event management and networking with industry professionals, enhancing my skills and knowledge in smart city technologies