S Dastagir Ahmed (cid:211) +6369782996 dastagir2k@gmail.com Linkedin (cid:135) Github LeetCode GeeksforGeeks EDUCATION Chennai Institute of Technology B.E - Computer Science and Engineering - CGPA - 8.01 TECHNICAL SKILLS 2021 - 2025 Chennai , Tamil Nadu Languages : C++, C, Java ,JavaScript, SQL Technologies : HTML5, CSS3, Django, MongoDB, Express, React, NodeJS, Redux , Docker , Github , Bootstrap,Tailwindcss Developer Tools: VS Code, PyCharm, IntelliJ, Canva EXPERIENCE Intern at Bharat | JS, Reactjs July 2023 - August 2023  Developed a full-stack application employing React.js and Node.js via Express.js, achieving a 20% reduction in data processing  Elevated application performance through optimization of server-side logic and RESTful APIs, producing a 25% improvement in overall efficiency.  Executed MySQL database solutions for scalable data storage, yielding a 20% increase in data retrieval speed.  Successfully deployed the application onto cloud platforms such as Vercel cutting deployment time by 30% and ensuring high availability with a 99% uptime rate. PROJECTS Social Sphere | Reactjs , Nodejs , Expressjs , SQL 2022  Developed real-time social media app with authentication, post sharing, and comments, akin to academic performance forecasting model deployment  Enhancement on Spearheaded the implementation of user authentication, resulting in a 20% increase in user engagement.  Integrated gaming, enhancing UX and boosting retention by 33%, akin to academic performance analysis .  Elevated a robust user authentication system to ensure the platforms security and user data integrity. Reserve Eat | Reactjs , Nodejs , Expressjs , SQL , Redux 2023  Developed a a user-friendly platform where customers can easily browse through a variety of restaurants and make reservations according to their preferences.  Customers can search for restaurants based on various criteria, view real-time availability, and book tables for their desired date and time.  Added 10-12 new features like organize the user interface of the recipie Home Page  Handle the database and integrated the module with other existing modules. COMPETITIVE PROGRAMMING PROFILE  Leetcode: 1478+ Rating, Solved 350+ Problems  CodeChef 1401+ Rating, Solved 200+ Problems  Codeforces: Max Rating 1001 CERTIFICATIONS  ReactJS: Coursera - Demonstrated proficiency in React.js fundamentals, adeptly building interactive user interfaces with components and state management.  NodeJS,ExpressJs: IBM - Developed skills in Node.js and Express.js essentials, constructing server-side applications ,RESTful APIs and explored middleware handling, routing optimization to improve application performance ACHIEVEMENTS  Secured a top position in LeetCode Contest 1478 with a contest rating of 3000, outperforming over 3000 participants.  Participated in a hackathon with our team being shortlisted among 1000 teams across India.