Sri Medha  SriMedhaV | (cid:239) Sri Medha vuyyuru | # medhareddyv305@gmail.com | H +9490485932 Skills Front end Expertise in front-end development focused on building user-friendly and responsive web applications.. Languages C++,Java,C,Python,JavaScript Technical HTML,CSS,MYSQL,Node.Js,React.Js,Git,parllel and distributed computing Projects 1. Weather App Link  Built an weather forecasting android application using android studio, which displays the tem- perature of a particular place, given by the user.Used various weather APIs for this temperature caluclation. /  This application not only displays the temperature it also displays the parameters such as humidity, pressure, UV index, Visibility and also displays the predicted temperature for the next 7 days. 2. Medical Data Exchange  Participated in a 24 hour national level hackathon conducted by St. Josephs University, focusing on medical and finance topics.  Chose the medical category and developed a web application for medical data exchange, addressing / the balance between innovation and privacy. The application allows patients to sell their data, which is aggregated with other patients data and provided to researchers. This enables researchers to utilize the data for early detection and analysis of medical conditions, thereby contributing to advancements in healthcare. 3. Creating and deploying LMS application on AWS using different services  I have done this project as part of my academic course in cloud computing with my other team mates .we try to create and deploy the learning management system model by using different Amazon web services such as amazon elastic compute cloud, AWS lambda, amazon relational data base service .specially we have focused on EC2 and created an instance and deployed the LMS application / Education 2021 - 2025 Bachelors Degree at SRMAP 2021 2021 Class 12th APBIEC Class 10th BSEAP Certifications TECH QUEST: Participated in 24 hour National hackathon in Banglore Micro-Certification: Welcome to ServiceNow (CGPA: 7.77/10.0) (80./.) (9.8/10) Certificate Certificate