ADITI DAVE New Product Development - Engineer Highly motivated Junior Automation Engineer with 1.5 years' experience in Smart Home Automation. Successfully integrated communication protocols (DALI, KNX, Zigbee) into concept designs, streamlining the new product development process. Eager to leverage my technical skills and passion for automation to tackle complex challenges in the booming smart home industry. Experience GM Modular Pvt Ltd (Nov 2022- March 2024) Jr. Automation Engineer (New Product Development) Key Responsibilities: Developed and implemented vendor selection strategies, securing partnerships aligned with conceptual designs and seamlessly integrating cutting-edge IoT protocols (KNX, DALI, Zigbee, Wi-Fi, BLE) for smart devices Led market research and product analysis to identify cost-effective, next- generation OEM solutions, significantly enhancing product functionality. Drove rapid prototyping by expertly navigating design complexities during proof-of-concept stages for smart- switches, fans, Access control systems, LED Lights, GRMS solutions. Effectively communicated development progress and functionality updates, ensuring projects remained on target, met objectives, and adhered to budgets. Cultivated strong vendor relationships, proactively resolving concerns related to prototypes, molds, and ongoing development challenges. Executed comprehensive testing (functional, aging, reliability) on smart devices, generating actionable insights that led to significant design improvements. Managed project budgets meticulously, securing favorable payment terms oversaw product certification process to guarantee compliance with necessary regulations. Led product positioning strategy and oversaw creation of comprehensive technical documentation for a successful product launch and user adoption. Leveraged industry knowledge and insights from global exhibitions to optimize existing projects, identify new procurement opportunities, and explore the potential of IoT platforms for further innovation. Internships P.G.Drive 2/2020 - 12/2021 Mumbai, Maharashtra Worked on the designing parts of Gearbox, AC Drives, PLC Automation and analysing the finishing manufacturing process. Collected open-source information to understand machine prototype development and designing. Meet with clients to oversee installation, operation, & maintenance of equipment. Achievements Attended Global Source Exhibition at the Canton Fair (Guangzhou-China) in June 2023, fostering international connections representing GM Modular. Managed the entire development process of over 5-6 projects has provided me with substantial learning experiences. Contact +91 - 7977182338 daveaditi011@gmail.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/aditi- dave-a482281a9/ Mumbai, Maharashtra Education Shree L.R.Tiwari College of Engineering BE - Mechanical Engineering (8.0 cgpa) Mumbai University (2018-2022) Mithibai College HSC Board (Science) (2016-2018) St. George High School SSC Board (2006-2016) Hard Skills CATIA-V5 Microsoft Excel Microsft Word Html Autocad Solidworks Soft Skills Organizational Proficiency Willingness to Learn, Accept and Adapt Process streamlining Strong work ethic Built-in Leadership qualities Integrity and Honesty towards work Language Hindi / English