ANANYA RAJEEV +91 7564925026 er.ananyarajeev@gmail.com India, Noida, Institutional Area, Knowledge Park II, Greater Noida SUMMARY As a highly motivated and detail-oriented software developer fresher, I am eager to leverage my strong foundational knowledge in computer science and programming to contribute to innovative projects and solve complex technical challenges. My goal is to join a dynamic and growth-oriented organization where I can further develop my skills in software development, collaborate with experienced professionals, and contribute to the successful delivery of high-quality software solutions. EDUCATION EXPERIENCE Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology, Gr. Noida Web Development Intern June 2023 - July 2023 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and Engineering 2021- 2025 DAV Public School, Muzaffarpur Intermediate 2020-2021 DAV Public School, Muzaffarpur High School 2018-2019 SKILLS Problem Solving Strong organizational and time- management skills Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills Ability to work independently and as part of a team Detail-oriented and able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Content Creation Event Management CERTIFICATIONS Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript Jan,2024 Web Development July,2023 Data Structures March,2023 Object Oriented Programming in Java Sep,2022 AWARDS 3rd Prize Winner in MUN Gold Medalist as Captain in Intra College Volleyball Tournament Silver Medalist as Representative of Volleyball team in AKTU Zonals. 1-month online internship on Web Development . During this internship I created many web page designs like Ice Cream store web design, library management system web design and also I created my Portfolio. Content Writer August 2023 - Now Currently I am doing a role of content writer at ConnectIndiaJapan, I was the host for the online magazine launch event, and also the host for the Rising Sun Conclave which was held at the month of April. PROGRAMMING SKILLS Java HTML CSS Javascript SQL OOPS PROJECTS Weather Forecasting Website. Amazon Clone. Tic-Tac-Toe Game. LANGUAGES English Hindi German (Basic)