Dhanush Pyla  Dhanush-Ghub | (cid:239) dhanush-pyla | # dhanushpyla.123@gmail.com Work Experience Data Science Intern - CodeClause Jan 2024 - Feb 2024  Developed a model for Diabetic Retinopathy diagnosis using ResNet50 with an accuracy of 92% during my internship at CodeClause.  Employed traditional machine learning techniques and investigated Federated Learning to cultivate collaborative and secure training environments tailored for advanced medical data analysis. Projects Privacy Preserving Federated Learning  Conducted the secure implementation of Federated Learning for diabetic retinopathy diagnosis, achiev- ing an accuracy of 92% with ResNet50 and 92.25% with a hybrid model of VGG16 and InceptionV3 to improve diagnostic accuracy while safeguarding patient data.  Enhanced diagnostic efficiency by 50% and ensured data confidentiality by implementing advanced analytical techniques on predictive models, resulting in more accurate and secure data-driven decisions Predictive Health Monitoring System(PHCS)  Engineered and launched the PHCS, a user-friendly web platform enabling symptom input for early disease detection; delivered personalized health insights and recommendations, enhancing patient care and engagement by 40%.  Utilized HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the frontend, and Flask and Python for the backend, incor- porating machine learning models whose weights are saved and used to predict outputs. Employee Management System  Engineered a C++ Employee Management System that streamlined tracking and updating of employee data, reducing administrative workload by 40% and enhancing accuracy in record-keeping by 25%.  Implemented CRUD operations for dynamic management of employee records, with salary calculation based on attendance, overtime, bonuses, and deductions, using robust file handling for seamless data storage and retrieval. Education 2021 - present B. Tech at SRM UNIVERSITY, AP 2021 2019 Class 12th Andhra Pradesh Board Class 10th Andhra Pradesh Board (GPA: 8.23/10.00) (97.2/100) (9.5/10.0) Skills Management Technical Team Work and Collaboration, Communication, Decision Making, Leadership. Python, C++, C, Java, MYSQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MongoDB, React.js, Node.js, Data Structures and Algorithms, Data Manipulation, Data Visualization, NLP, Data Analysis, Basics of Machine Learning, Operating Systems. Communication English (Fluent), Telugu (Native), Hindi (Basic) Last updated: July 2, 2024