YERASI CHARATH KUMAR REDDY  Charath123 | (cid:239) charath | # charathkumar098@gmail.com | H +9390197404 About B.Tech Student in Computer Science and Engineering at SRMUniversity,Andhra Pradesh. Passionate about deep reinforcement learning and seeking a company where I can utilize my organizational, creative, and project management skills to gain expertise on the companys brands, products and services. Work Experience Research Internship under college mentor Light weight ciphers for Drone Security Aug 2023 - Nov 2023  Specialized in enhancing drone security through work on lightweight ciphers as a research intern.  Developed expertise in cryptographic algorithms.  Implemented and optimized lightweight ciphers to fortify drone communication against potential threats.  Strengthened problem-solving skills and adaptability.  Gained hands-on experience in cybersecurity for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Projects REAL - ESTATE Project  Developed a Real Estate project using the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node.js) with Google Firebase for authentication. The application allows users to browse real estate listings, view detailed property images, and contact property owners directly through the platform. Integrated a robust image upload feature, enabling property owners to easily add and manage their listings. Implemented responsive UI/UX for optimal user experience on both desktop and mobile devices. The application also includes advanced search and filter functionalities to help users find properties that match their specific requirements, enhancing the overall usability and engagement of the platform. Library management system  Implemented a robust backend using the MERN stack to track book availability and pricing, enabling the application to respond to 500+ queries per day without downtime, enhancing overall system reliability. Education 2021 - 2025 BTECH(CSE) at SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Class 12th (BIEAP) Sri chaitanya college Class 10th (SSC) AP Sri chaitanya school 2019 (CGPA: 8.8/10.0) (Percentage: 95.6/100.0) (CGPA: 9.8/10.0) Skills and Interests C,C++,Python,Java,HTML,CSS,JavaScript,linux,React.js,node.js,express.js, Skills Cloud/Databases mysql,mongoDB Developer Tools Course work Vs code,Eclipse,Github Data Structures, Algorithms, Competitive Programming, Artificial Intelligence, Database Management, Oops Area of Interest Web Development,Data Analysis, Machine Learning