Education (cid:131) 9625656163 # priyaljaiin22@gmail.com (cid:239) LINKEDIN  GITHUB (cid:128) PORTFOLIO PRIYAL JAIN Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science,CGPA: 9.54 Technical Skills 2020-2024 Delhi Languages: C, C++,Java,HTML/CSS, JavaScript, Typescript,SQL Frameworks/Libraries: React.JS,Redux,Next.JS,Node.JS,Express.JS,TailwindCSS,Bootstrap,MaterialUI Databases: MySQL,MongoDB,Firebase Developer Tools: VS Code,Git,Github,Postman,Prisma,Microsoft Azure Experience Success.ai Full Stack Developer Intern Aug 2023  Nov 2023 Remote  Led the development of a dynamic Full Stack application using MERN stack , showcasing strong web application architecture skills.  Managed Microsoft Azure for creating mail accounts, optimizing communication and email services.  Configured DNS setups with Cloudflare, ensuring optimal performance and security  Spearheaded the DevOps team, supporting interns and demonstrating leadership for 1-1.5 months.  Collaborated with the Python Automation Department, aiding in data retrieval from Appollo, showcasing cross-functional adaptability. Projects Vchat | React.js,MongoDB,Node.JS,Socket.IO,TailwindCSS  (cid:128) Nov 2023  Developed a dynamic Chat App using React.js, MongoDB, and Node.js, ensuring a robust and responsive user interface for seamless communication.  Implemented real-time chatting functionality through Socket.IO, enabling users to engage in live conversations and check the online status of other users.  Utilized TailwindCSS for a modern and visually appealing design, enhancing the overall user experience.  Integrated a notification system, allowing users to receive and manage notifications, marking them as read or unread for efficient communication. Voyage Vue | Next.JS,TypeScript,Prisma,PostgreSQL,TailwindCSS,Stripe  (cid:128) Feb 2024  Developed a Full Stack Hotel Booking Application using Next.js, TypeScript, Prisma, PostgreSQL, Tailwind CSS and Stripe.  Implemented user authentication, allowing registration and login functionalities for users to manage bookings securely.  Integrated Stripe API for payment processing, enabling users to confirm bookings through secure transactions.  Designed and implemented features including hotel and room management, booking system, search and location filtering, and responsive design for optimal user experience. Haemunity | React.JS,MongoDB, Bootstrap,Node.JS,Express.JS,Redux  (cid:128) March 2024  Developed a secure and scalable MERN stack blood donation management app with Redux for state management, implementing granular user roles with JWT authentication.  Enabled hospitals and organizations to monitor blood inventory, user activity, and trends, optimizing donation processes.  Built an automated donor notification system to reach out to matching blood group donors for urgent needs, increasing donation success rates Achievements  Led a team in Hack7DaysTIxGTBIT by Tezos India, a Web-3 hackathon where my team placed in the top 10 for a project we developed using the Tezos blockchain to save tigers, and we were also awarded Rs.1000 in prize money.  Our team finished in the top ten of the 60+ teams that took part in the Hack Unicorn tech hackathon.  Solved Data Structure and Algorithms questions across platforms like GeeksForGeeks and Leetcode. Position of Responsibility Google Developer Student Club Team Member Jan 2023 Present Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute Of Technology  Aided in the organization of tech hackathons at our campus to promote various technologies and raise awareness about the most recent technologies on the market.  Collaborated with team members to build the official website for gdsc-gtbit Frontend Web Development Cohort Team-Leader Sept 2022 - Jan 2023 Devsnest  Led a chapter of 16+ members to work toward goals that increase each of our technical skills, communication skills, and leadership abilities.  Managed and held regular scrum meetings with team members to monitor progress and assist one another with difficulties and doubts..