Aditya Kumar (cid:131) +91 8210030064 # aditya.kumar665.ak@gmail.com (cid:239) linkedIn  Github Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech in Information Technology RPS Public School Senior Secondary(Class XII) RPS Public School Senior Secondary(Class X) Professional Experience Web Devloper Intern at Teachnook Full Stack Developer 2021 - 2025 9.02/10 CGPA Percentage:87.6 Percentage:89.8 May 2023  June 2023  Successfully designed, implemented the dynamic websites, using various framework like NextJS  Employed best practices in database management and security, including MongoDB, MySQL, safeguarding sensitive data.  Conducted thorough testing and debugging using White Box Testing, reducing downtime and enhancing site reliability. Projects Machine Learning and Development Projects Web Clone Detection  Developed a model capable of comparing the stylesheet and HTML body of two websites to calculate a TF-IDF similarity score.  Successfully identified illegal clone websites using this model just by passing URLs of the websites. Recruitment App  Used Salesforce CRM to develop a recruitment application.  Implemented data model including objects, fields, records, and tabs.  Enhanced the recruitment process by automating workflows and approvals using Salesforce automation tools.  Provided a seamless user experience with intuitive navigation and data entry forms. Face Avatar  Achieved 87.16% accuracy on test data with a model that predicts emotions and displays the corresponding avatar. This was accomplished using CNN, Keras, and TensorFlow.  The model can detect emotions in real-time using camera input and map them to the corresponding avatar. Hotel Management  Developed a dynamic hotel booking site using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, SQL.  Enabled customers to seamlessly book rooms across multiple states in India from a single platform. Weather App  Built a cross-platform app for Android and iOS that fetches real-time weather data for any location in the world using an API.  Designed the app using Flutter and crafted it with a Material Design theme. Technical Skills Languages: Python, Java, C, C++, JavaScript, Dart, Php, Flutter Backend: Node.js, Express.js Frontend: React, TailwindCSS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap Databases: SQL Salesforce Skills: Lightning Experience, Data Model, Formula Fields, Schema Builder, Object Relationship, Rollup Summary, Validation Rules, Page Layout, Record Types, Compact Layout, Reports and Dashboard Honours and Awards Consecutive Deans List Excellence in Acdemics  Being awarded this for the last two semesters for having the best grade point average in the Information Technology Department. Algorithmic Competitions/Achievements  Solved 50+ super hard DSA problems from LeetCode, building problem solving skills.