SAI SRIJA KALVACHARLA ASPIRING DATA SCIENTIST + 91 7671801161 saisrijakalvacherla@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/sai-srija-kalvacharla Warangal, Telangana, India github.com/saisrija96 SUMMARY TRAININGS Proficient in Python and libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, and Seaborn. Experienced in data cleaning, predictive modeling, and creating insightful visualizations through academic projects and internships. Passionate about leveraging data to solve complex problems and eager to contribute to a dynamic, data-driven organization. Quick learner committed to continuous improvement and professional growth. TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming languages:  Python3, C, C++, Java, Java Script, SQL DevOps Tools:  Jenkins, Docker Data Visualization:  MS Excel, Tableau, Power BI Platforms:  Windows, Android, Linux CERTIFICATIONS     Java Script Ultimate Guide | Udemy | Mar24 Data Structures and Algorithms | GFG | Aug'23 The Complete theory of Computation| Udemy | Oct23 Google Big Query & PostgreSQL | Udemy | Oct 22 EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES DSA (Data Structures and Algorithms) Jun'23 GeeksforGeeks    Implemented and optimized algorithms for data retrieval, storage, and manipulation, showcasing a deep understanding of algorithmic complexities and their impact on system performance. Demonstrated expertise in implementing and manipulating essential data structures such as arrays, linked lists, trees, and graphs, optimizing data organization for efficient algorithms. Engaged in code reviews to assess and enhance the efficiency of algorithms and data structures, collaborating with team members to improve overall code quality and performance. PROJECTS Telecom Customer Churn Prediction Jun24 o Domain: Python | Tech Stack: Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, SMOTEEN    Cleaned and preprocessed data using Pandas and NumPy, including handling missing values and encoding categorical variables. Developed a Decision Tree model for predicting customer churn, utilizing Scikit-Learn. Applied SMOTEEN to balance the dataset, improving model accuracy by 10%. Used Matplotlib and Seaborn to create visualizations for understanding customer behaviour and model performance Library Management System (LMS) o Domain: Java | Tech Stack: Java, My SQL, NetBeans Aug'23    Created an LMS using Java NetBeans for efficient course management, student enrolment, and assessment tracking. Overcame scalability and user authentication challenges, ensuring a reliable educational platform. Utilized Java programming language and the NetBeans IDE to design and implement key features of the LMS.Designed a user-friendly interface with JavaFX, connected to MySQL using JDBC for database operations, and established smooth communication between the front-end and back-end with RESTful APIs Optimizes system performance by 30% through code refactoring and database indexing. Implemented a user-friendly dashboard that resulted in a 20% increase in user engagement. Successfully integrated third-party authentication systems, improving security and user account management. ACHIEVEMENTS    Solved 250+ Coding problems on GeeksforGeeks. May24 9-9 Quiz held by LPU Sep21 Awarded in Head Quarters for 10th board exam in Warangal Sep'19     Member in NSS-LPU Sep23 EDUCATION Attended workshop Carrer Summit AIESEC-LPU Apr23 Volunteering in Mallikamba, - Warangal- Jun22 Event Management in Griffin-LPU- Sep21-22 B.Tech (Hons.) in Computer Science Apr '21  Present Lovely Professional University | Phagwara, IN CGPA 7.53 Higher Secondary Narayana Junior College | Hyderabad, IN Marks:92.6% Apr '19  Jul '21