Abhishek Pathak (Data Analyst) Agra, U.P. | +91-8923557655 | abhipathak2614@gmail.com Highly motivated and results-oriented recent graduate with a strong foundation in data analysis seeking an Entry-Level Data Analyst position to leverage analytical skills and eagerness to learn. Possesses proficiency in core data analysis tools like SQL, Excel, and data visualization (e.g., Power BI). Eager to contribute to data-driven decision making and continuously develop expertise in the field. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Bharat Intern Data Science Intern Bhopal Nov23  Dec23  Conducted data analysis and statistical modeling using Python to extract insights and support business decisions.  Utilized SQL to query and manipulate large datasets, optimizing data retrieval processes.  Developed interactive dashboards and visualizations in Power BI to present data trends and key findings to stakeholders.  Assisted in data cleaning and preprocessing tasks, ensuring data quality and integrity for analysis.  Create sales dashboard using Power Bi.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams to understand data requirements and deliver actionable insights.  Engaged in continuous learning to stay updated with the latest data science tools, technologies, and best practices. PROJECT Sales Dashboard in Power Bi Nov23  Jan24  Gathered and analyzed business requirements from stakeholders to determine key metrics and KPIs for the sales dashboard.  Extracted, transformed, and loaded (ETL) sales data from various sources including SQL databases, Excel spreadsheets, and cloud-based platforms.  Designed and implemented interactive and visually appealing dashboards in Power BI, incorporating to provide real-time sales insights.  Created detailed reports and visualizations to track sales performance, revenue growth, product trends, and regional sales distributions.  Conducted data cleaning and preprocessing to ensure data accuracy and consistency.  Automated data refresh processes to ensure dashboards display the most up-to-date information.  Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including sales, marketing, and finance, to align the dashboard features with business needs.  Provided training and support to end-users to enhance their ability to leverage the dashboard for strategic decision-making. EDUCATION MCA  DATA SCIENCE LOVELY PROFESSIONAL UNIVERSITY, PUNJAB Pursing BACHELOR OF COMPUTER STUDIES Aug18  Jul21 DR. BR AMBEDKAR UNIVERSITY XII Standard AVMD VANSATHALI SCHOOL TECHNICAL SKILLS Apr17  Mar18  Python  Data Visualization  SQL  Power BI  Excel SOFT SKILLS  Communication  Attention to Detail  Collaboration  Critical Thinking  Problem-Solving