Vincy K V HR Profession 9611968574 kvincy2018@gmail.com Bangalore, Karnataka , India E X P E R I E N C E Junior Recruiter Shilton Hospitality LLP 08/2023 - 08/2024 Expertly source and engage talent via job boards, social media, and professional networking. Efficiently screen resumes and perform initial phone interviews to determine candidate suitability. Facilitate interview scheduling, ensuring seamless interaction between candidates and hiring managers. Contribute to crafting compelling job descriptions and advertisements to captivate top candidates. Streamline the onboarding experience, including orientation facilitation and new hire documentation. Maintain meticulous employee records and support broader HR initiatives and employee engagement activities. Organized and Managed Employee Engagement Programs. Managed and Updated the Employee Master File. Accountant St. Thomas Higher Primary School 01/2023 - 06/2023 Maintain accurate and up-to-date financial records, including accounts payable, accounts receivable and general ledger entries. Prepare and process invoices, purchase orders Track expenditures and ensure they align with the approved budget. Efficiently manage all financial transactions, encompassing invoicing, billing, and expense tracking, ensuring stringent adherence to accounting principles. HR Recruiter Bookaprop Estate Private Ltd 10/2022 - 11/2022 Talent Sourcing and Acquisition Screening and Interviewing Candidate Assessment and Selection Review resumes and applications to identify potential candidates. Conduct initial phone screenings to assess candidates' qualifications, experience, and cultural fit. Coordinate and schedule interviews with hiring managers and other team members S U M M A R Y Dynamic HR specialist with a solid year of advancing skills in recruitment, training, and engagement eager to contribute to talent acquisition and employee initiatives in a vibrant team. Experienced HR professionals with one year of progressive experience in recruitment, employee training, and Employee engagement. Seeking a challenging HR role where I can utilize my expertise in talent acquisition strategies and employee engagement initiatives to drive organizational success. S K I L L S Communication And Interpersonal Skills Problem-Solving and Decision-Making Recruitment And Talent Acquisition Advanced Advanced Advanced Employee Engagement Advanced Training And Development Intermediate L A N G U A G E S English Malayalam Kannada Tamil Hindi E D U C A T I O N Finance And HR VTU University 10/2018 - 09/2020 MBA Native Native Native Intermediate Intermediate 1 / 2 Accountancy and HR Mangalore University 07/2015 - 05/2018 B.com 2 / 2