Jasmehar Singh Delhi, India | +91 9811166121 | jasmehars1@gmail.com| PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY Goal-Driven and detail-oriented individual seeking an opportunity to launch a career. Proficient in analysing data, solving problems, and working well with others. Excited to embark on a journey of continuous learning and professional growth while making meaningful contributions to your esteemed team. EDUCATION Guru Tegh Bahadur Institute of Technology (IP University) August 2020-June 2024 B. Tech (Information Technology) Aggregate- 89.1% Guru Tegh Bahadur 3rd Centenary Public School (CBSE) April 2019-March 2020 Class XII Aggregate- 88% PROJECTS  Amazon Sales Analysis: Conducted an in-depth analysis of Amazon Sales data to identify trends and optimize strategies using Python, NumPy, Pandas, and Tableau. - Utilized Python, NumPy, and Pandas for data extraction, cleaning, and analysis. - Developed Tableau dashboards to visualize sales trends and product performance.  - Student Result Analysis Tool (Python): Developed a Python-based tool to analyse academic performance trends and actionable insights to educators. Implemented data cleaning and preprocessing pipelines using Pandas to ensure accuracy and consistency in analysis results. - Utilized Pandas and NumPy for Data Manipulation and statistical analysis to calculate key performance metrics such as average scores, pass rate, and grade distributions.  - Sales Performance Analysis Dashboard: Developed an Excel- based dashboard to analyse sales performance and provide actionable insights to the sales team. Implemented Data Integration, Data cleaning and Transformation, Dynamic Visualization, Performance Metrics using Power Pivot, Power Query, Pivot tables, Slicer and Conditional Formatting SKILLS & TOOLS  Programming Languages: C++, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Python.   SQL- Advanced proficiency in SQL programming with hands-on experience in MySQL Python: Proficient in Python for Data Analysis including data manipulation, web scraping, data visualization & statistical analysis. Teamwork: A professional and organized approach to work and a strong team player.  Web Development: Familiar with front- end technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and responsive design principles.   Problem Solving- Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities developed through coursework and personal projects.  Clear Communication: Strong written communication skills, and data interpretation skills.  Cloud: Familiarity with cloud computing concepts and basic experience with cloud platforms like Azure.   Excel: Proficiency in Excel add-ins such as Power Query and Power Pivot. Tableau: Utilized Tableau extensively to create visually compelling and interactive dashboards. RELEVANT COURSEWORK  Cloud Security and Compliance  Data Analysis and Visualization (Excel, Python, SQL, Tableau)  Database Management (SQL, Relational Database)  Web Development Fundamentals  Object-oriented Programming