Divyanshu Agarwal 14 December 2002 (cid:131) +91 7035130671 # agarwaldivyanshu02@gmail.com (cid:239) Divyanshu Agarwal  TheDeskGuy https://leetcode.com/u/thedeskguy Education Manipal University Jaipur Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering Oct. 2021  Present CGPA: 9.14 May 2019  May 2021 12th: 95.25% The Asssam Valley School Higher Secondary Education Relevant Coursework  Data Structures  Design of Analysis and Experience Qureka Web Development Head Algorithm System  Discrete Mathematics  Database Management  Artificial Intelligence  Object-Oriented Programming  Web Development  Computer Architecture August 2022  Present  Led the web development team for Qureka, the college quizzing club, overseeing the creation and maintenance of a dynamic and user-friendly club website Projects Children playtime planning website | ReactJs,TailwindCss,npm libraries May 2024 - July 2024  This application helps the parents to predict the suitable weather for their childs outdoor playtime  Made using ReactJs, TailwindCss, learnt about how to use react hooks such as useState,useEffect and many more.  Learnt about how to fetch APIs and how to implement in the project SIBYL: Strategic Intelligence For Building Your Legacy | Presented at Dell Hackathon Nov 2023 - Jan 2024  Built a complete website for employee career path navigation based on ensemble predictions of RF,DT,SVM and XGBoost models.  It provides skill gap, analysis and learning resources and recommendations for upskilling  Deployed via streamlit, upcoming versions to be deployed through Next.js  Adjudged top 3 at Dell Hackathon Weather website | May 2023 - July 2023  This application helps one to check the weather condition of a place.  Made using HTML/CSS, Javascript , learnt about how to fetch APIs and how to implement in the project.  Learned how to make changes in your existing document through the document object model Travel Website | Jan 2023 - April 2023  Designed a travel website using html/css, javascript, mysql to showcase how dynamic pages works.  Learned a lot about CSS frameworks, flex-box, box- model, transitions, how to use bootstrap in your project and also about material UI.  Learned how to connect a project to a database and how the data is stored and retrieved. Technical Skills Languages: Java, C, C++, HTML/CSS, JavaScript, MongoDB, SQL, PHP Technologies/Frameworks: ReactJS, NextJS, NodeJs,ExpressJs, Git/GitHub, Tailwind, Bootstrap Leadership / Certifications MUJHackX Core Committee August 2023  October 2023 Manipal University Jaipur  Served as the head of marketing for an international hackathon hosted by the Computer Science department of college  Played a key role in organizing and promoting the hackathon, leading the marketing team to effectively communicate event details and attract a diverse group of participants  Received positive feedback and recognition for the impactful marketing strategies employed during the college hackathon, contributing to the events overall success. Deans List of Academic excellence X 3  For exhibiting excellence in academia by bagging the second position in the entire batch.