Harsh Mittal Github: LeetCode: github.com/Harsh-2022 leetcode.com/Harsh2022 Education  Indian Institute of Information Technology, Kottayam Bachelor of Technology - Computer Science and Engineering; CGPA: 9.3  Saraswati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School, Kosi Kalan AISSCE; Aggregate: 97.2%; CBSE  Saraswati Vidya Mandir Sr. Sec. School, Kosi Kalan AISSE; Aggregate: 10 CGPA; CBSE Email: harshmittal20feb@gmail.com Mobile: +91-7454917051 Kerala, India Dec 2020 - June 2024 Uttar Pradesh, India Mar 2019 Uttar Pradesh, India Mar 2017 Skills Summary  Languages:  Frameworks:  Tools:  Coursework: Experience C++, C, Javascript ES6, Python, HTML5, NodeJs, ExpressJs, ReactJs, React Native, Tailwind CSS, Jest, Restful API GIT, GitHub, MongoDB, Selenium Data Structures, Algorithms, OOPS, Computer Networks, Operating Systems  Amazon.com, Inc. SDE Intern Onsite May 2023 - June 2023  Worked with FireTv team to implement Model-View-ViewModel design into settings package.  Enhanced the performance of MVVM modules by 64 percent, optimizing react hooks.  Explored architectural best practices and gained practical experience in react-native development, unit testing with Jest, and using git as the version control system Projects  Dice Chess (Self Project)  Innovated a real-time desktop application with intuitive UI for the traditional game of Chess using PyGame library.  Added twist to the traditional rules by introducing randomness based on dice-roll(6 faces of dice to 6 pieces of chess) for choosing the pieces to be moved.  Implemented move validation for all pieces and incorporated play-with-computer feature based on Minimax algorithm with a depth of 3.  Tech Used: Python, PyGame  SneakPeak - Ecommerce Website (Self Project)  Developed a sneaker e-commerce site featuring secure user authentication, dynamic shopping cart, and user friendly interface.  Integrated secure user authentication and role-based authorization using JWT, allowing users to sign up, log in, and manage their accounts  Built RESTful APIs for product management and order processing  Tech Used: NodeJs, Express, React, MongoDB (MERN stack)  Online Class Automation (Self Project)  Automated Class Attendance: Implemented an automation script to join online classes on time ensuring consistent class participation.  Scheduled Task Execution: Utilized Windows Task Scheduler to run the script daily at specific times.  Web Scraping and Interaction: Leveraged Selenium to interact with the college portal, including handling login and navigating to class options  Tech Used: Python, Selenium, Windows Task Scheduler  MLH Unofficial API (Self Project)  Web Crawler: Crawls the MLH Website weekly to save hackathon details in MongoDB Atlas Database.  API: Gives details of past and upcoming MLH Hackathons. Worked on merging it with discord bot.  Tech Used: FastAPI, PyMongo, Selenium, BeautifulSoup, MongoDB Atlas Achievements  Secured Global Rank 402 among 15,000 contestants in Codechef January Long Challenge 2022  Secured Global Rank 4789 in Google Hash Code 2022  Secured global rank 378 among 4500 contestants in Codechef Starters 120