(cid:131) 8651302873 # aman.2125csit1161@kiet.edu (cid:239) linkedin.com/in/--005332235  github.com/aman865130 AMAN KUMAR EDUCATION KIET group of institution(AKTU) Computer science and information technology (sGPA: 7.5 / 10.0) Ghaziabad, Uttar predesh, India 2021-2025  Achieved an impressive SGPA of 7.5 out of 10, demonstrating my commitment to academic excellence and my ability to thrive in a challenging and competitive academic environment. ABR foundation school (CBSE) AISSCE(PCM)(percentage : 71 / 100) Baijla More, Sasaram, Bihar, India 2018-2020  Scoring 71 percent in PCM in the CBSE Class 12 board exams is a commendable achievement that reects my dedication, hard work, and perseverance.Its showcases the my ability to navigate through diverse subjects, adapt to varying complexities,and excel where their strengths lie. EXPERIENCE IIPC Kiet Group of Institutions Collaboration with Linkedin Aug 2023 - Completed Ghaziabad,Uttar predesh  I actively pursued furthering my expertise in the realms of data science and web development. One of my notable achievements during this period was the successful completion of a comprehensive course on becoming a Data Scientist oered by LinkedIn Learning  Completed a MOOC course on Frontend Web Development on LinkedIn Learning. Kiet Group of Institutions(Department of computer science) Alogrithm Analysis and Design using Coding Platform (HackerRank) 11th SEP 2023 - 11th DEC 2023 Ghaziabad,Uttar predesh  Completed an intensive course focused on advanced algorithms, data structures, and problem-solving techniques. Mastered key concepts such as time complexity analysis, dynamic programming, graph algorithms, and more  Gained hands-on experience in solving complex problems using programming languages such as e.g., Python C++] Technical Skills Developer tools:LeetCode,Geeks of geeks,CodeChef,Hackerrank Technologies Skill: C,C++,React.js,bootstrap,HTML,CSS,Javascript,DBMS(SQL),Data Structure And Alogrithm PROJECTS Crowd Funding Web App | React , Node.js, Javascript , MongoDB July 2023 - Present  Implemented robust user authentication and authorization systems to ensure the security of user data and transactions, establishing trust and credibility among users and backers .  Conducted extensive testing, debugging, and optimization to ensure the web apps performance and functionality, resulting in a bug-free and smooth user experience. APNA NEWS WEBSITE | React.js, Bootstrap,CSS,javascript  Our project aims to address this need by developing a dynamic news website that provides users with up-to-date and accurate information on a wide range of topics.  To leverage innovative technologies and interactive features to enhance the user experience and drive user engagement. DICE GAME | React.js, Bootstrap,CSS,Javascript  Project seeks to bring this timeless joy to the digital realm by developing an interactive dice game website. With a focus on fun, excitement, and social interaction, our website aims to provide users with an immersive gaming experience that can be enjoyed anytime, anywhere ACHIEVEMENTS and CERTIFICATES CISCO Network Academy JavaScript Essentials-1 course Mooc certicate Nov-2023  Explored popular JavaScript frameworks and libraries such as React.js,Angular.js. Gained insights into their usage and integration to build modern, scalable web applications.  Acquired skills in error handling and debugging JavaScript code to identify and resolve common programming errors.