Mrudula Gajulapalli  Mrudula.G | (cid:239) Mrudula.G | # mrudulagajulapalli49@gmail.com | H 8331009007 Personal Info  I have a strong background in Computer Science and graduated with honors in BTech from SRM University AP. I have successfully completed various projects, demonstrating my commitment to learning and adaptability. I collaborate effectively with others and take a proactive approach to solving problems. I am prepared to use my skills in new situations. Education 2021 - 2025 SRM University AP 2019 - 2021 Sarada Educational Institution 2018 - 2019 Ratnam EM High School Skills (GPA: 7.95/10.0) 91.5/100 9.5/10 Languages and Frameworks: Java,HTML,CSS,Java Script,My SQL, Python,C,Data Structures,Spring Tools and Technologies : Relevant course work : Soft Skills : Projects boot,JPA, Hibernate. Visual Studio, Eclipse, Goggle Colab, Jupyter notebook, mysql workbench, Postman Computer networks, Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning , Operating systems, Formal Languages and Automata Theory. Teamwork, effective communication, Innovative Thinking and Time Man- agement skills Employee And Department Management System  The Employee Management Systems front end was built and designed with the help of Axios for seamless API connectivity and Vite for efficient creation processes.  Using MySQL for data storage and JPA and Hibernate for effective database operations, a reliable and scalable backend was built via Spring Boot.  RESTful APIs were developed and maintained to handle business logic and CRUD processes, guar- anteeing dependable front-end and back-end connectivity.  Carried out thorough testing of the API and Postman debugging to guarantee the reliability as well as effectiveness of backend services. Titanic Survival Classification  Created a Python machine learning model to predict Titanic passenger survival, using data prepro- cessing, feature engineering, and different classification algorithms.  Achieved high prediction accuracy by conducting comprehensive model evaluations and applying a range of optimization techniques, ensuring robust performance and reliability. Supply Chain Management System  Developed and implemented a Java-based Supply Chain Management System: Streamlined in- ventory and order management to boost operational efficiency, and improved data accuracy with advanced validation techniques.  Applied Java programming expertise: Designed a scalable, maintainable system using object-oriented principles, with thorough testing to ensure optimal performance and reliability. Experience Data Science Intern at Technook Jul 2022 - Aug 2022  Acquired practical experience in Python, focusing on developing skills and applying them to real- world projects. Developed a Countdown Timer with Start and Pause functions, improving users ability to manage their time effectively.