Vedant Gupta (+91)987 017 7643 | vedantgupta840@gmail.com | LinkedIn | (cid:135) GitHub Education Manipal University Jaipur B.Tech. in Computer Science Engineering with Specialization in Iot and Intelligent Systems; GPA: 8.00/10.00 Jaipur, India Sep 2021  Jun 2025 Relevant Coursework Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Relational Database Management Systems, Operating Systems, Computer Organization, Fundamentals of Software Engineering, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Python Programming, AI and Machine Learning, Data Science, Sensors and Micro-controllers Skills Languages: C, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL Technologies: Django, MySQL, MongoDB, Git Google Cloud Platform, Linux, OpenCV, Scikit-Learn, Pandas, TensorFlow Work Experience ArmorCode Dev Intern Gurugram, Haryana, India Jun 2024  Aug 2024  Developed a prototype of the main centralized dashboard.  Main Technologies used are Docker, Elastic Search, Kafka, Maven, MySQL, Spring Boot, Version Control System  Implements key features like Google OAuth, Multi-Tenancy, Bi-Directional Mapping, Jira Ticket Creation, RBAC, De-Duplication, and Automation Runbook. Projects Smart Projector  An Internet of Things project.  It uses Raspberry Pi and sensors like Pi camera and ultrasonic sensor to effectively use electricity. Infection Control System  It uses RFID sensor and tags in containing the information of the patients, reducing physical contact between patients and doctors.  Could be used in Intensive Care Unit(ICU) in hospitals. Awards & Achievements Best Prototype Award Nov 2021  Awarded to the team with the best and most unique working prototype in a hackathon with 200 participants.  Made a speech to text converter for doctors to help them take notes from the conversation with their patients. MUJ Hacks 8.0 winner Oct 2023  Won 3rd place on the podium in the hackathon organized by ACM Student Chapter.  Implemented a Smart Traffic Management System that works on the principle of IoT and Machine Learning. Certificates Oracle Database Management Systems Certificate Knowledge on Database Management Systems and MySQL RedHat Operating Systems Certificate Knowledge of the working of operating systems using hands-on experience with Linux Apr 2023 Apr 2023