RINI GAWAS Software QA Engineer CONTACT +91- 7743847726 rini.gawas@gmail.com Flat No. 302, Bhaktisagar Apartment, Sitaram Marg, Lower Parel (W), Mumbai- 400013 12 JULY 1994 linkedin.com/in/rini-gawas-078797141 PROFILE Software Quality Assurance (QA) with Masters degree. Poses comprehensive QA technical expertise, problem solving skills, and attention to detail. Seeking opportunity to apply proven testing and leverage my skills in the organization. Education Master of Computer Applications in Computer Applications Singhad Institute of Management, Pune, MH| June 2018 I GPA 7.4 Bachelor of Computer Applications in Computer Applications Govindram Sekasaria College of Science, Belgaum Karnataka June 2015 I GPA 7.4  High School (HSC) Kendriya Vidyalaya No.2, Belgaum Karnataka June 2012 I GPA 7.0 SSLC Kendriya Vidyalaya No.2, Belgaum Karnataka June 2010 I GPA 6.6 Professional Experience Survik Software Private Limited, Pune, MH Software QA November 2019  November 2021 Identify business requirements. - Work with software developers and project support teams. - - Monitor applications and software systems are working as per requirement - Carry out stress testing, performance testing, functional testing and scalability testing. - Write and execute test scripts. - Run manual test cases. - Write bug reports, review documentation - Work towards departmental and project deadlines - Provide quality assurance. - Assigning the bugs to software development project teams. - Design tests to mitigate risk. - Present findings to software development and business user teams. - Document analysis - Getting bugs resolved on time before final deployment of project Trinesis Technologies Pvt Ltd, Pune, MH Software QA Engineer April 2019  September 2019 Identify business requirements. - Work with software developers and project support teams. - - Monitor applications and software systems are working as per requirement - Carry out stress testing, performance testing, functional testing and scalability testing. - Write and execute test scripts. - Run manual test cases. - Test in different environments including web and mobile. - Write bug reports, review documentation - Work towards departmental and project deadlines - Provide quality assurance. - Assigning the bugs to software development project teams. - Design tests to mitigate risk. - Present findings to software development and business user teams. - Document analysis - Getting bugs resolved on time before final deployment of project Yalmar Infotech Pvt Ltd, Pune, MH PHP Web Developer September 2018  February 2019 - Developing live projects for clients. - Work with software developers and project support teams - Delivered projects according to client requirements. - Deployed bug free projects. HOBBIES Reading Travelling Skills - Quick Learning Skills - Continous Learning Mindset I hereby declare that the information contained is true and correct to best of my Knowledge. Date: Rini Gawas